"We had been on and off for sometime," Johnson told her 28,000 Instagram followers, addressing the split.


--DocBreak--
WASHINGTON -- As a candidate for the White House, Donald Trump repeatedly promised that he would "immediately" replace President Barack Obama's health care law with a plan of his own that would provide "insurance for everybody."
 Back then, Trump made it sound that his plan -- "much less expensive and much better" than the Affordable Care Act -- was imminent. And he put drug companies on notice that their pricing power no longer would be "politically protected."
 Nearly three years after taking office, Americans still are waiting for Trump's big health insurance reveal. Prescription drug prices have edged lower but with major legislation stuck in Congress it's unclear if that relief is the start of a trend or merely a blip.
 Meantime the uninsured rate has gone up on Trump's watch, rising in 2018 for the first time in nearly a decade to 8.5% of the population, or 27.5 million people, according to the Census Bureau.
 "Every time Trump utters the words ACA or Obamacare, he ends up frightening more people," said Andy Slavitt, who served as acting administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services during the Obama administration. He's "deepening their fear of what they have to lose."
 While Trump has yet to deliver on his campaign pledge to replace Obamacare, White House officials argue that the president is improving the health care system in other ways, without dismantling private health care.
 White House spokesman Judd Deere noted Trump's signing of the "Right-to-Try" act that allows some patients facing life-threatening diseases to access unapproved treatment, revamping the U.S. kidney donation system and the FDA approving more generic drugs as key improvements. Trump has also launched a drive to end the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
 "The president's policies are improving the American health care system for everyone, not just those in the individual market," Deere said.
 But as the president gears up for his reelection campaign, the lack of a Trump health care plan is an issue that Democratic presidential contenders and their allies believe they can use against him.
 This month, a federal appeals court struck down "Obamacare's" individual mandate, the requirement that Americans carry health insurance, but sidestepped a ruling on the law's overall constitutionality. The attorneys general of Texas and 18 other Republican-led states filed the underlying lawsuit, which was defended by Democrats and the U.S. House. Texas argued that due to the unlawfulness of the individual mandate, Obamacare must be entirely scrapped.
 Texas v. United States appears destined to be taken up by the Supreme Court, potentially teeing up a constitutional showdown before the 2020 presidential election.
 Trump welcomed the court ruling as a major victory while Democrats accused him of trying to dismantle his predecessor's health care law without offering a replacement.
 Over the last three years, Trump and senior administration officials have periodically teased that a Trump plan was just around the corner.
 In August, the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Seema Verma, said officials were "actively engaged in conversations and working on things," while Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway suggested that same month an announcement was on the horizon.
 In June, Trump told ABC News that he'd roll out his "phenomenal health care plan" in a couple of months, and that it would be a central part of his reelection pitch.
 The country is still waiting. Meantime Trump officials say the administration has made strides by championing transparency on hospital prices, pursuing a range of actions to curb prescription drug costs, and expanding lower-cost health insurance alternatives for small businesses and individuals.
 One of Trump's small business options -- association health plans -- is tied up in court. And taken together, the administration's health insurance options are modest when compared with Trump's original goal of rolling back the ACA, which Republicans blamed for rising premiums.
 Although Trump has not come through on his promise of a big plan, internecine skirmishes among 2020 Democratic presidential hopefuls have largely driven the health care debate in recent months.
 Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are leading the push among liberals for a "Medicare for All" plan that would effectively end private health insurance while more moderate candidates, like Joe Biden, Pete Buttigieg and Amy Klobuchar, advocate for what they contend is a more attainable expansion of Medicare.
 Brad Woodhouse, a former Democratic National Committee official and executive director of the Obamacare advocacy group Protect Our Care, said it is important for Democrats to "put down the knives they've been wielding against one another on health care."
 "Instead turn their attention to this president and Republicans who are trying to take it away," Woodhouse counseled.
 Some Democratic hopefuls appear to be doing just that.
 During a campaign stop in Memphis, Tennessee. this month, former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg called out Trump on health care, saying the president is "determined to throw Americans off the boat, without giving them a lifeline."
 "President Trump has spent three years sabotaging the Affordable Care Act -- and offering Americans nothing in return but empty promises," said Bloomberg, a late addition to the Democratic field. "He promised to repeal the Affordable Care Act and replace it with something better -- but he has never had another plan."
 Polling suggests Trump's failure to follow through on his promise to deliver a revamped health care system could be a drag on his reelection effort.
 Voters have consistently named health care as one of their highest concerns in polling. And more narrowly, a recent Gallup-West Health poll found that 66% of adults believe the Trump administration has made little or no progress curtailing prescription drug costs.
 Prescription drug prices did drop 1% in 2018, according to nonpartisan experts at U.S. Health and Human Services.
 That was the first such price drop in 45 years, driven by declines for generic drugs, which account for nearly 9 out of 10 prescriptions dispensed. Prices continued to rise for brand-name drugs, although at a more moderate pace.
 Trump's broadsides against the pharmaceutical industry might well have helped check prices, though drug companies have been hammered by every major Democrat as well as many Republican lawmakers.
 Trump says a health insurance overhaul can be done in a second term if voters give him a Republican Congress as well as a reelection win.
 But Trump and the GOP had that chance when they were in full control and unable to deliver, because Republicans don't agree among themselves.
 Trump could still score a big win on prescription drugs before the 2020 election. He's backing a bipartisan Senate bill that would limit what Medicare recipients pay out of pocket for their medicines and require drug companies to pay rebates to the government if they increase prices above inflation.
 Passing it would require the cooperation of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, harshly criticized by Trump over impeachment.


--DocBreak--
It is crape murder time again. The time when landscapers do not have enough to do so they murder crape myrtle trees. Why? That is a question I have asked myself for years. Why would someone cut a beautiful tree in half? They do not do it to other trees so why do they do it to crape myrtle trees?
 Crape myrtles are a great Southern tree. They come in all shapes and sizes, and they have lovely flowers that come in colors ranging from red to pink to purple to white and colors in between. Most crape myrtles have lovely fall color and beautiful exfoliating bark for winter interest. They perform best in full sun and have very few diseases or insect problems. They are the great trees if you choose the right variety and require minimal pruning.
 Although crape myrtles are fantastic trees, many people have no clue how to prune them. Crape myrtles need little or no pruning. Yet, why do people butcher these trees? I was horrified last week when I saw a pruning company cutting some beautiful crape myrtle trees in half. Why?
 If you want to limb them up some or cut off suckers or small branches, that is fine. However, most people tend to prune these lovely trees incorrectly. Some tree experts refer to this type of pruning as crape murder. It is better not to prune at all than to prune incorrectly. Oftentimes a landscape crew will commit crape murder. Then, seeing this, the neighbors will follow their lead and they too will commit crape murder. Please, please do not prune your crape myrtle trees in this way. They are much prettier left to grow naturally with only a little thinning of branches that are crossing one another or to make the tree less dense.
 The blooms of a crape myrtle tree are grown on new wood. It is a false notion to think that heavy pruning will produce more blooms. The blooms might be a little larger but they will be fewer in number. You get a lovelier shape and many blooms if you leave your tree alone.
 Today, there are many different crape myrtle varieties from which to choose. If you are selecting a crape myrtle, think about size and cold-hardiness first, along with flower color. Depending on the variety, you can have fabulous summer flowers, brilliant fall color and beautiful exfoliating bark in the winter as well as a handsome silhouette. With so many cultivars on the market, it is not difficult to find the perfect size and flower color you desire. Plus, be sure to remember to ask about fall color.
 If you are thinking about planting a crape myrtle, there are a range of considerations. The most important one is to find out the mature size of the variety that you are considering. There are all sizes of crape myrtles on the market today from 3 to 20 feet in height. Do not buy a crape myrtle that is labeled to grow 20 feet tall expecting to keep it pruned to 14 feet. Purchase a variety that grows to the desired size you want.
 If you now have a variety of crape myrtle that is too large and you want to keep it, cut it to the ground. When the shoots emerge, let them stay for a year. The following winter, thin out the shoots to one, three or five branches that grow into trunks.
 Avoid excessive watering, pruning or fertilizing in the late summer which forces new growth that will not have time to harden and is likely to be killed by winter cold. Many garden centers have these charming trees for sale. Read the tag carefully and see what it has to say about the variety.
 Michael Dirr, an expert on woody plants, says that one of the most important things about cold-hardiness is not to fertilize in the late summer. He says that this is one reason nurseries lose crape myrtles. The trees need to start shutting down for fall in August and the cold weather to follow.
 Remember, crape myrtle trees are like redbuds, ornamental cherries, ornamental crab apples and other trees that are sold for the home landscape, and no one prunes then in half. Let the lovely crape myrtle tree grow its natural shape and if you want one that will fit under a power line or in a small space, remember, you can find varieties that are 3 feet, 12 feet and taller so choose the right variety for the space.
 Betty Montgomery is a master gardener and author of "Hydrangeas: How To Grow, Cultivate & Enjoy," and "A Four-Season Southern Garden." She can be reached at bmontgomery40@gmail.com.


--DocBreak--
The current situation out there is extremely heartbreaking with no end in sight.' 16 angels lend a hand to drought-stricken grazier.


--DocBreak--
Social Media: The New Word of Mouth?


--DocBreak--
A business can make well-informed decisions through Baby Bath Supplies end-use applications _Online Retailers and Off-Line Retailers_. Ultimately, this research study will help a shareholder to sustain in the long run. It enables market players managers to take effective decisions for the long term benefit of the organizations.

