ROCKFORD -- Mayor Tom McNamara at a news briefing Friday urged Rockford residents to participate in the U.S. Census, to vote in favor of a Winnebago County mental health sales tax, and to stay strong in the face of the pandemic caused by the new coronavirus.
 McNamara said participation in the census is critical for Illinois' representation in Congress and to ensure that the city gets its fair share of state and federal funding.
 "Every single person who calls Rockford home counts when it comes to our census," McNamara said.
 The U.S. Constitution requires a census every 10 years to apportion seats in Congress. Responding to the census is mandatory for all people living in the United States regardless of citizenship status.
 The questionnaire does not ask about citizenship.
 In addition to allocating congressional seats, the federal government also uses census data as the basis for distributing hundreds of billions of dollars each year to states and local communities for education, health care, housing, highways and infrastructure.
 There is no need to wait for a postcard or letter from the U.S. Census Bureau. For the first time, the bureau is offering an online option.
 McNamara said he went online to my2020census.gov and completed the form in less than 10 minutes.
 Every person counted by the census means about $1,530 for Rockford in federal and state funding, McNamara said.
 "It's a really wonderful return on your investment," McNamara said.
 Mayor favors tax
 McNamara urged residents to vote "yes" for a half-cent increase to the Winnebago County sales tax. He said it would help pay for mental health services and suicide prevention and prevent overuse of emergency services.
 The referendum includes a six-year sunset provision, and is expected to generate up to $14 million in new revenue each year. It is estimated that 20% of people suffer from a mental health problem that can't be addressed without professional help.
 "Everyone in our community is impacted by mental illness," McNamara said. "No one wants to pay more in taxes, but I can guarantee you we are paying far more today without having a dedicated stream of revenue to address mental illness in our community than we would be after the election."
 Vote early
 McNamara said the city is making preparations to ensure that essential city services continue despite the coronavirus pandemic and is working with other units of government to slow its spread.
 "Now is not the time to panic," McNamara said. "Now is the time to prepare."
 He urged everyone to vote before Election Day on Tuesday. Early voting is available through Monday in Rockford and Winnebago County.
 "I don't care who you vote for, I just care that you get out and vote," McNamara said. "And if you are going to get out and vote, get out and vote early. With COVID-19 we are trying to steer clear of large crowds. You will have a far greater chance of a large crowd if you go on Election Day."
 Kevin Haas: 815-987-1410; khaas@rrstar.com; @KevinMHaas

