On Wednesday Gov. Brian Kemp and the Georgia Department of Labor (GDOL) addressed an increase in the number of partial claims filed as a result of businesses reducing work hours or temporarily closing their doors in light of recent developments regarding COVID-19.
 "We are laser-focused on assisting the hardworking Georgians who have been impacted by the spread of the virus," said Kemp. "Working with GDOL and our partners across the public and private sectors, we can ensure affected employees land on their feet and are made aware of other employment opportunities. Together, we will protect Georgia's top-notch workforce as we continue to fight the spread of COVID-19."
 As of an emergency ruling by the Commissioner of Labor Mark Butler, employers are mandated to electronically file partial claims on behalf of their employees whenever it is necessary to temporarily lay workers off.
 “We are partnering with the governor’s office and our federal and state authorities to make sure we are able to get the citizens of Georgia paid,” said Butler. “We are working as an agency to provide innovative solutions to meet the needs of our customers, even when information is changing every day.”


--DocBreak--
The results definitively show that in general, hitters who have increased their average launch angle have had a tougher time making contact than hitters who have not changed. Among hitters with a yearly increase in launch angle by 2 degrees, over 60% have seen an increase in strikeout rate, and over 60% have seen an increase in whiff rate. Hitters who have decreased their average launch angle have not seen the same effect, less than 45% of them saw an increase in K% or whiff%. Hitters who have not made a significant change in lifting the ball did not see a significant change in putting the bat on the ball, as some would have expected with modern pitching, only 50.2% saw an increase in K%, 49.0% saw an increase in in-zone contact rate, and 53.1% saw an increase in whiff rate, even by a small margin.


--DocBreak--
It's one of those things that able-bodied people think is unnecessary because they don't even notice it.'


--DocBreak--
In Hispanic-heavy states like Florida, many news conferences held by state officials have been bilingual, and the state health department has Spanish- speaking agents available round the clock at its coronavirus call center, spokesman Alberto Moscoso said.


--DocBreak--
This depanneur (fka Marché Xtra, at 67 Prince-Arthur E.) has been an integral part of the Prince-Arthur scene through thick and thin. Most notably, its power-wall of wine has been and continues to be indispensable for those last- minute BYOW rendez-vous. Say what you will about the quality of dépanneur wines — we’ve all shown up empty-handed to the restaurant or house party, and Brito’s selection goes way beyond the few dusty bottles of Nicolas Laloux and Wallaroo Trail (shudder) at most corner deps. The beer selection also beats the basics with two full walls of fridges as well as a shelf with more artisanal products.


--DocBreak--
Museum slated up the river and through the wall at Sing Sing


--DocBreak--
"The SNS as designed and funded cannot and will not be able to fully accommodate the needs of the entirety of the American people," Nichols said. The system "is designed to help buy time" and prioritize areas of greatest need, he explained.


--DocBreak--
As of Wednesday, the hospital had not responded to the letter, said Tom Brandt, Moran's spokesman.


--DocBreak--
Somerville is only seeing customers at one service counter for the time being. Town Clerk Erica Tompkins said in a phone interview Wednesday, March 18 that the town is reviewing its policies and changes will be announced.


--DocBreak--
General News Photo
 Jacques Nadeau, Le Devoir, for his photo of a man being apprehended during a climate protest.
 Francisco Proner, Globe and Mail, for an image, shot by drone, showing a car trapped in a sea of mud and mining detritus after a dam burst in Brazil.
 Andrew Vaughan, Canadian Press, for a picture of a man watching the impact of Hurricane Dorian along the Halifax harbour.
 International
 Nathan VanderKlippe, Globe and Mail, for travelling across Asia to uncover deeply personal accounts of persecution faced by Uyghurs, Kashmiris and Rohingya.
 Geoffrey York, Globe and Mail, for stories on the emerging conflicts between China and the United States playing out in the African country of Djibouti.
 Geoffrey York, Globe and Mail, for stories exposing the realities of Sudan, a heavily militarized dictatorship and one of the world’s most difficult countries to penetrate and understand.
 Investigations
 Katia Gagnon, La Presse, for a shocking exposé of medical errors that caused the deaths of 200 elderly or vulnerable Quebecers.
 Randy Richmond, London Free Press, for a series exposing how a police officer punched, kicked, stomped and choked a woman, how his fellow officers failed to stop the abuse, and how police spun it all into a misleading story about a dangerous suspect who had assaulted an officer.
 Kathy Tomlinson, Globe and Mail, for revealing astonishing and brazen exploitation in the immigration industry that has allowed unscrupulous recruiters, consultants and employers to make fortunes off newcomers while governments and regulators look the other way.
 Local Reporting
 Aaron Beswick, Halifax Chronicle Herald, for a series that addressed the environmental, economic and political considerations facing the Nova Scotia government in deciding whether to shut down a pulp mill that had been polluting for decades but gave well-paid jobs to hundreds of people.
 Nick Dunne, Cornwall Standard-Freeholder, for digging into the mostly untold story of code talkers’ assistance for the allies in the Second World War, an effort that evolved into a broader consideration of the Mohawk language.
 Randy Richmond, London Free Press, for a series exposing how a police officer punched, kicked, stomped and choked a woman, how his fellow officers failed to stop the abuse, and how police spun it all into a misleading story about a dangerous suspect who had assaulted an officer.
 Long Feature
 Andrew Duffy, Ottawa Citizen, for “Six on a Bus,” a gripping narrative about the harrowing experience of passengers on a city bus that smashed into an awning in a crash that left three people dead and 23 injured.
 Sammy Hudes, Calgary Herald, for a feature recounting the complicated journey to recovery experienced by a hockey player left paralyzed after the deadly crash of the Humboldt Broncos’ team bus.
 Ryan Thorpe, Winnipeg Free Press, for documenting the sorrow and despair largely hidden from most Winnipeggers who speed past a neighbourhood that appears to be ground zero for the city’s street drugs and gang violence.
 Politics
 Robert Fife, Steven Chase, Sean Fine and Daniel Leblanc, Globe and Mail, for breaking the news that the Prime Minister’s Office had pressured the justice minister to abandon prosecution of SNC-Lavalin, and a series of followup reports as the ensuing scandal grew.
 A Globe and Mail team for reports from across the country that exposed how private entities exploit loopholes in election spending laws.
 Steve Buist, Matthew Van Dongen, Teviah Moro and Andrew Dreschel, Hamilton Spectator, for stories revealing that 24 billion litres of untreated sewage had escaped into a sensitive wetland area over four years, and that city councillors had chosen to keep it all a secret.
 Presentation/Design
 Laura Blenkinsop and Christopher Manza, Globe and Mail, for a deeply interactive presentation intended to help readers understand the dangers of distracted driving.
 Maxime Jean, La Presse, for a creative look back at the first moon landing 50 years ago, specially formatted for immersive interaction on iPads.
 Cameron Tulk, Nathan Pilla, McKenna Deighton, Andres Plana and Tania Pereira, Toronto Star, for a presentation that helped readers experience the significant, sometimes terrifying effects of a changing climate.
 Project of the Year
 Globe and Mail for a year-long project to identify key gaps in the way data are gathered and analyzed in Canada, and to investigate why the data- collection system is so fragmented and inaccessible.
 London Free Press for “Face It,” a project that explored a multitude of issues faced by those living on the margins in London, from drug-related diseases to a shortage of affordable housing to a scarcity of jobs.
 Toronto Star for “Operation Transparency,” the culmination of a five-year effort to discover how much individual doctors bill the provincial health plan, and to create searchable databases allowing readers to access that information.
 Short Feature
 Caroline Alphonso, Globe and Mail, for taking readers inside a school where educators do their best to make the learning environment supportive for children battling debilitating illnesses.
 Louise Dickson, Victoria Times Colonist, for a rollicking tale about how a motley assortment of characters face death.
 Josh Rubin, Toronto Star, for the story of a Canadian food truck whose owners found themselves unexpectedly caught in the middle of the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba.
 Sports
 Bruce Arthur, Toronto Star, for three columns about the Toronto Raptors’ journey to the NBA championship.
 Alexandre Pratt, La Presse, for a story about a Black player who was subjected to racist abuse during a semi-professional hockey game, and the ensuing fallout.
 Dan Robson, the Athletic, for long-form features about the sudden death of former hockey star Ray Emery, the sometimes-troubled journey of the only Inuk to make it to the NHL, and the possibility that head-related injuries from their hockey careers had contributed to the deaths of two retired players.
 Sports Photo
 Stan Behal, Toronto Sun, for a picture of a series-winning basket by Kawhi Leonard of the Toronto Raptors, captured in the split-second before the ball fell through the hoop.
 Jason Franson, Canadian Press, for a graphic image of eye-gouging action in mixed martial arts.
 Rick Madonik, Toronto Star, for a photo of the Toronto Raptors’ Kyle Lowry, surrounded by the hands of teammates and opponents.
 Nominated entries can be viewed at the NNA website at www.nna-ccj.ca. The link to the nominated entries can be found on the right side of the home page, just below the photo of the 2018 Journalist of the Year.
 This report was first published by The Canadian Press on March 18, 2020.


--DocBreak--
The championship field included No. 2 Montreal, No. 3 Queen's, No. 4 Alberta, No. 5 Toronto, No. 6 McMaster, No. 7 Laval and No. 8 Manitoba.
 While most of the players returned last Friday, Loeppky spent a few days at home with his family before returning home Monday. He is now taking classes online — he's majoring in education — and pondering his future.
 "It's kind of weird now. I don't really know the exact schedule with how things are going to play out. But I'm hoping to go overseas in the fall to play professionally. And I was planning on spending my summer at the national team training centre just outside of Ottawa. But honestly everything's pretty up in the air right now."
 Loeppky has played for the national team and was a member of its long list but did not take part in Olympic qualifying. He hopes that might change but is realistic.
 "I'm one of the young guys right now and if I don't make I totally understand. I just don't want to have any regrets when it comes to working hard and training."
 The national team is somewhat in limbo. The Nations League has been called off and a question mark hangs over the Tokyo Olympics.
 As for playing professionally, Loeppky says Italy probably has the best league with Poland, Russia and Brazil also strong. France and Germany are also good leagues.
 "I think the most important thing for me next season is to just play and get experience," he said. "I don't want to take a spot on the bench because then it's kind of hard to move up from there."
 Growing up, volleyball was always his game. His father was a good beach volleyball player, finishing second to Brazil at the World Masters.
 "I've been kind of around the game ever since can remember ... I did well at other sports but volleyball has always been my true love," he said.
 Coming from a small town himself, he was drawn to Trinity Western because it wasn't too big — based in Langley, it has some 5,000 students — had a good academic reputation and a great volleyball team.
 "All the boxes checked off for me," he said.
 Another plus was TWU is a school with a faith-based culture.
 "I knew it would be a good environment for me. I grew up with a faith background. I know it's not for everyone and not everyone on our team has a faith background but everyone has kind of bought into the culture of the school. And I think that's one of the reasons why our team's successful."
 The top-seeded Trinity Western women also missed their chance at a national title after winning the Canada West crown, with the women's championship in Calgary called off.
 This report by The Canadian Press was first published March 18, 2020.
 \---
 Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter


--DocBreak--
Eric Loeppky and his top-ranked Trinity Western University volleyball team were on a roll.
 Having won the Canada West title for the fourth time in five years, the B.C.-based Spartans headed to Winnipeg for last weekend's national championship. They arrived the Tuesday before "with full hopes of playing."
 "If you had told us then that it was going to be cancelled, we probably wouldn't have believed you," Loeppky said.
 On Wednesday evening, the 21-year-old from Steinbach, Man., was named U Sports men's volleyball player of the year. "A pretty special evening," he recalled.
 The Spartans practised Thursday, then were told only family members would get to watch the competition to limit the crowd because of the COVID-19 outbreak. The opening session Friday had been a sellout of 3,000 to 4,000 with Trinity Western playing host Manitoba.
 Things went downhill quickly after that.
 "It went from only families to only 50 people to only players, coaches, referees to possibly even having only 25 per team," Loeppky said. "And we have a lot of coaches and extra support staff, so some of them were maybe not going to even be allowed to watch.
 "And then we had a team meeting Thursday night and BenJo (coach Ben Josephson) kind of just broke the news and told us (the event was cancelled). Everyone was in shock — we were like 'Wow, this is actually happening.'
 "We just took a couple of minutes to take it in. Some guys were saying some stuff. Then it just turned into some grown men crying it out for 20 minutes. Because we didn't get the chance to play with each other again."
 While the world has since seemingly spiralled further out of control away from the field of sports, it was a sudden, shocking end to a special team and a special season.
 Loeppky's team went 20-2 in Canada West play and 34-6 in all competitions. In December, the Spartans defeated U.S. volleyball powerhouses in fourth-ranked Long Beach State (two-time defending NCAA champion), No. 2 UCLA and No. 6 Lewis University at the Can Am Volleyball Showcase in Toronto.
 Loeppky was a big part of that success. Josephson, a former all-Canadian who has coached the Spartans since 2007, calls him a "once-in-a-generation player" whose standard of play is consistently high.
 Defending U Sports champion, Trinity Western was bidding to become the first men's team to win four national titles in five years. It has won six national championships overall, including five in the last nine years.
 "We won Can West (defeating Alberta) and our focus was like it's sweet we won but our real focus was the national tournament, so we didn't really celebrate that win too much," Loeppky said. "So we kind of wish we would have celebrated it a bit more. We never really had like a true last-game celebration. It's kind of like it just got cut off and like it doesn't almost feel right that it's over, like maybe we'll play again. But I don't think we will. So it's kind of weird to digest."
 Consider the fact that the only non-Canada-West team to win the men's volleyball national crown over the last 25 competitions was Laval in 2012-13.
 "Can West is a harder banner to win, just because the Can West conference is so strong," said Loeppky, a six-foot-five outside hitter.
 The Spartans set school records during the season with 19 consecutive victories and 34 straight home set wins. Trinity Western finished atop Canada West in kills per set (12.64), hitting percentage (.380), assists per set (11.76), aces per set (2.32) and points per set (17.2).
 "I feel like this group was really special. It hadn't been fully pushed really that much all season," Loeppky said. "So this was like crunch time. We were ready to show everyone what we were made of and what we've got. It's just too bad we never got that chance."


--DocBreak--
"Like everyone, we really have to do our part to help mitigate this crisis," Wilson says. "But since our entire reason for being in business is to help our clients enjoy more rewarding lives, we feel that our efforts now are just an extension of that."  


--DocBreak--
Anonymous Caller Claims Bombs on Board 4 Russian Planes - Emergency Services


--DocBreak--
Amy Tattrie Loepp, of Bloomfield Hills, is the president and owner of Tattrie Strategies and the co-founder and president of Impact100 Oakland County. She holds a Master of Science in Business Administration from Central Michigan University. Ms. Loepp is appointed to represent the general public for a term commencing March 18, 2020 and expiring December 19, 2022. She succeeds Krista Beach whose term expired December 19, 2019. The Governor has designated Ms. Loepp to serve as the Chairperson of the Board.


--DocBreak--
Monetary and fiscal policy are necessary, but at the end of the day, it will be the medical progress that will dictate the timeline for reducing market volatility and the ultimate rebound in stocks, Wilson says.  


--DocBreak--
Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine, a Republican, was among the first to shut down schools, sporting events and certain businesses because of the coronavirus. Unemployment claims have since skyrocketed.


--DocBreak--
While discussions with the state continue, the plan is to open the museum in 2025 with the secure corridor from the powerhouse to the stone shell of the original cell block, according to interim museum executive director Brent D. Glass.
 The hollowed-out building used to house cells for 1,200 men on six tiers and runs well longer than a football field.
 It was constructed by inmates who were dropped off at the river landing in 1825 and ordered to mine limestone from the hillside for what would become their prison. It was used as housing for about a century while the prison grew up around it. A fire in the 1980s left it roofless.
 Glass gave a tour of the ghostly ruin recently, steering clear of concertina wire coiling along the ground. Glass would like a viewing area inside the old cell block. Maybe virtual reality could help visitors imagine life in a 3-by-7-foot cell.
 “We want to recreate for them what life was like in prison from the late 1820s to the 1920s,” said Glass, director emeritus of the National Museum of American History.
 The prison’s long history mirrors the story of incarceration in America, from harsh treatment in the early years, to the run of executions ending in 1963, to more progressive touches in the 20th century, like morale-boosting celebrity visits.
 Babe Ruth swatted a monster home run here during a Yankees exhibition game in 1929. Joan Baez and B.B. King played for inmates on Thanksgiving Day 1972, with the bluesman telling his audience, “I imagine that quite a few of you dudes have the blues already.”
 Pica served part of his time in Sing Sing after pleading guilty to manslaughter in 1987. No Pollyanna about prison life, Pica notes that he earned his master’s degree behind bars, setting up his post-incarceration career of helping prisoners earn college degrees.
 Pica looks forward to a museum that focuses not only on the electric chair and the wardens, but also the generations of men sent up the river and locked into cells.
 “This is an opportunity,” he said, “to look though a lens that you normally would never be able to view through.”


--DocBreak--
This long-standing, large-format dep has been an integral part of Prince- Arthur through thick and thin.


--DocBreak--
“Our team is working around the clock to provide patient-ready equipment so medical staff can focus on their lifesaving work," CEO Gurmit Singh Bhatia said in a statement.


--DocBreak--
“We have to count on the hope that we can find a family that wants to walk around and do something at least, so we can earn something this month,” Alexandre Faria Carbonelli said in the plaza beneath Sugarloaf's cable car. “For guys who work autonomously, don’t have savings, have a family, it’s kind of desperate.”


--DocBreak--
Once his crewmates were back on board and headed home, Worden performed the first deep-space spacewalk -- nearly 200,000 miles (322,000 kilometers) from Earth. He inspected the service module's science instrument bay and retrieved film. His foray outside lasted just 38 minutes.


--DocBreak--
Stay in the loop with all the news, happenings, and goings-on in Lincoln County with our twice-weekly email newsletter! You may unsubscribe at any time.


--DocBreak--
contentWidth' : '1020px', // size of the regular content in pixel or Distance between the Left and Right Ad in pixel


--DocBreak--
Astrea helps connect over 60 small communities, throughout Wisconsin & the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to family, healthcare, work, education and entertainment while maintaining the lifestyle they love by providing high- speed internet along with TV and Phone services. Astrea has built an extensive infrastructure that offers most communities unprecedented rural internet speed offerings ranging from 50mbps up to 1Gig. Founded in 2007, Astrea is headquartered in Iron Mountain, MI with store locations in Crivitz, WI, Oconto Falls, WI and Sault Ste. Marie, MI. To learn more or find services near you, visit astreaconnect.com.


--DocBreak--
In Other News: Museum slated up the river and through the wall at Sing Sing; Get out of jail? Inmates fearful of virus argue for release


--DocBreak--
The Angels manager said Major League Baseball could try all manner of experiments or enhancements to the game once it returns from the COVID-19 virus shutdown.


--DocBreak--
Anonymous Caller Claims Bombs on Board 4 Russian P ..


--DocBreak--
“I stand firmly with the Governor, the State Health Department and our nation in support of our efforts to flatten the curve,” Burroughs wrote. “Please take these next two weeks to connect with your family, play games, take walks and find comfort in our shared purpose of slowing the spread of COVID-19 in Lincoln County and the greater community.”


--DocBreak--
Although there are many closures, certain businesses and public agencies remain open and providing critical services.


--DocBreak--
Chris Fuller has been trying for years to get someone to build his ideal place to live. As an architectural engineer at Staengl Engineering, a firm that specializes in sustainable, energy-efficient structures, Fuller would like to find an affordable, low-impact home to support a green lifestyle for him and his family. “My office is right downtown [in the Crozet Library building], and I’d love to live nearby and walk to work,” he said. So, building on many years of experience designing Charlottesville’s EcoVillage project, he began to sketch out small new neighborhoods in Crozet that would fit the bill.


--DocBreak--
It’s become a bit of a cliché that Prince-Arthur Street has seen better days. Back in the ’80s and ’90s, the pedestrian stretch between St-Laurent and Carré St-Louis was known for its expansive terrasses and affordable bring-your-own- wine Greek restaurants offering heaping plates of brochettes. Though the shifting economy, the parking situation and changing food fashions in Montreal have taken their toll on the street, long-standing, large-format depanneur Marché Brito is a vestige of the glory days.


--DocBreak--
Pittsburgh native Kyle Abraham earns spot on Dance Magazine's list of top works from last 20 years 


--DocBreak--
"These are uncertain times. And now, more than ever, we need each other," their post read. "We need each other for truth, for support, and to feel less alone during a time that can honestly feel quite scary. There are so many around the world who need support right now, who are working tirelessly to respond to this crisis behind the scenes, on the frontline, or at home. Our willingness, as a people, to step up in the face of what we are all experiencing with COVID-19 is awe-inspiring. This moment is as true a testament there is to the human spirit."


--DocBreak--
Once his crewmates were back on board and headed home, Worden performed the first deep-space spacewalk - nearly 200,000 miles (322,000 kilometers) from Earth. He inspected the service module's science instrument bay and retrieved film. His foray outside lasted just 38 minutes.


--DocBreak--
Day 1 of a new era in Sonoma County broke cold and gray, setting a melancholy tone to the first day of an unprecedented shelter-in-place order aimed at stopping the spread of the deadly coronavirus even as some people and businesses proceeded as usual.
 At 12:01 a.m. Wednesday, all but the most essential businesses, services and trips outside of homes were banned countywide, joining at least six other Bay Area counties to issue such an order this week, shutting down cities and communities that are home to more than 7 million people.
 Highway 101 traffic whipped through Santa Rosa and Sonoma County at cruising speed, as commuters breezed through light traffic.
 Old Courthouse Square in downtown Santa Rosa was almost deserted, the quiet punctuated by the work of construction crews tearing down the two-story building next to the Hotel E in the historic Empire Building.
 Two downtown workers who are regulars on the square remarked that they had only seen Santa Rosa so quiet on the holidays or in the days after the October 2017 wildfire.
 “This is crazy,” said one worker, who declined to give his name or employer. “It’s bad for the economy.”
 Traffic on Mendocino Avenue, Santa Rosa’s main thoroughfare, had slowed to a trickle by 9 a.m.
 At College and Mendocino, on the north side of downtown Santa Rosa, the fallout on commercial life was uneven. An indoor fitness center was closed. A nightclub shuttered.
 But a restaurant, an oil change business, a bank and a hotel were open and accepting customers. There were few to be had.
 The order, issued Tuesday night by Sonoma County interim Public Health Officer Dr. Sundari Mase and lasting at least through April 7, provides exemptions, broadly, to businesses like grocery stores, gas stations, restaurants doing takeout and delivery. It also doesn’t apply to health care operations, first responders, wastewater treatment workers, waste collectors, telecommunications or residential construction and public works projects.
 Sonoma County reported two new coronavirus cases Wednesday, making for a total of eight cases, not including a patient who was a Diamond Princess cruise passenger transferred from Travis Air Force Base to the county and ultimately out of the county.
 Cases in California, in the United States and across the world are rising, and officials at all levels are urging residents to heed warnings and directives to stay at home, practice safe hygiene and maintain physical distance from others to curb the spread and ensure hospitals aren’t overwhelmed.
 At Santa Rosa Hydromatic, which touts itself as “Sonoma County’s Oldest Transmission Shop,” business was brisk. Cars were lined up at the 60-year-old iconic, pink W.M. Price Building at College and Cleveland avenues.
 Owner Steve Ferguson sidled up about 9 a.m. to check in on things.
 Business is steady, he said.
 “People are showing up for their appointments,” said Ferguson, a towering 6-foot-5-inch presence in the shop he has owned for 16 years.
 “You can’t just stop,” Ferguson said. “Life has to go on.”
 Workers bustled about the Sendero Townhomes off Sebastopol Road and south of Stony Point Road in west Santa Rosa. The newly built homes are nearing completion and landscapers were busy digging holes for plants and laying irrigation lines.


--DocBreak--
The dollar surged across the board on Wednesday, hitting multi-year highs against several major currencies, as companies and investors worried by the coronavirus outbreak rushed to the perceived safety of the U.S. currency.


--DocBreak--
HAVANA (AP) -- A British cruise ship rejected by Caribbean port officials for weeks docked in Cuba on Wednesday to unload more than 1,000 people on board, including five with confirmed cases of the novel coronavirus.


--DocBreak--
The winger's wait to get back on the pitch has been extended, but he has now opened up on the support he has received behind the scenes during the most difficult period of his career to date.


--DocBreak--
Child Abuse and Neglect Prevention Board ("Children's Trust Fund")


--DocBreak--
Kyle Abraham, a product of Pittsburgh CAPA and Pittsburgh CLO, earned a spot on the list for his 2012 show "Pavement."


--DocBreak--
The salad chain, which has locations in the Montreal area, closed its dining rooms to help stop the spread of the virus. It is still open for takeout, delivery and has added a new concept for the brand: groceries.
 "I actually went into our neighbourhood grocery store and they didn't have any oat milk or almond milk and we carry amazing oat milk at Mandy's, so I went and stocked up and a friend of mine actually was just laughing to me that she should get all her groceries at Mandy's," said company co-founder Rebecca Wolfe.
 Within no time, Wolfe and her sister and co-founder Mandy Wolfe had baskets of avocados and containers of oat milk out for sale. They worked with their suppliers so they could begin on Wednesday selling tomatoes, cucumbers, granny smith apples, mock chicken, almond milk, lettuce, salad dressing and hot sauces.
 Meanwhile, in Edmonton, Matthew Stepanic hit the road with his corgi Bob for a new — and free — delivery service for the Glass Bookshop store he co-owns.
 "We were thinking people are choosing to self isolate and we should encourage that behaviour as much as possible, so that's when we started offering the book deliveries," he said.
 Over the weekend they got a dozen orders, but once their store closed that number quadrupled.
 "When you're alone and you're just scrolling through Netflix, a new book is a different type of comfort in trying times and we wanted to be able to provide that," he said.
 That doesn't mean making a pivot is easy.
 Spirit of York's Guitor said his company not only had to teach itself how to concoct a different product, but also had to find hydrogen peroxide, which was elusive, and track down 140 mL sanitizer bottles with a plastic top.
 Still, he believes even more businesses should rise to the occasion.
 "We're just a small distillery in Toronto trying to make our way, but imagine if the big guys would do that and would send a message," he said.
 This report by The Canadian Press was first published March 18, 2020.


--DocBreak--
Pittsburgh native Kyle Abraham earns spot on Dance Magazine's list of top works from last 20 years | Pittsburgh Post-Gazette


--DocBreak--
CHESHIRE, Conn. (AP) -- The organization that oversees high school sports in Connecticut says it's not ready yet to pull the plug on the spring season due to the coronavirus.


--DocBreak--
Defensive tackle Linval Joseph, seen with the Minnesota Vikings against the Chargers on Sunday, Dec. 15, 2019, in Carson, has reportedly agreed to a two- year deal with the Chargers. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)


--DocBreak--
This move puts all field offices on the same page as some were already closed and some remained open while others had reduced in-person interviews.


--DocBreak--
The Globe and Mail leads the nominations for the 2019 National Newspaper Awards, with 19 of the 63 finalists in the running.
 Montreal digital daily La Presse racked up 10 nominations, and the Toronto Star received seven, including a joint submission between the two publications.
 The Canadian Press earned three nominations in the general news photo, feature photo and sports photo categories.
 The Ottawa Citizen and the London Free Press both picked up four nominations, while the Winnipeg Free Press has finalists in three categories.
 The Calgary Herald, Le Devoir and the Halifax Chronicle Herald nabbed two nods each. Nine other news organizations received one nomination apiece.
 The nominations across 21 categories were selected from 774 entries for work published in 2019. Organizers say the winners will be announced next month.
 Here is the full list of nominees:
 Arts and Entertainment
 Erin Lebar, Winnipeg Free Press, for a revealing portrait of Begonia, an emerging artist from the city's music scene.
 Marsha Lederman, Globe and Mail, for a meditation on art and climate change, and a feature about Margaret Atwood's frenzied activity after the death of her life partner.
 Kevin Mitchell, Saskatoon StarPhoenix, for a two-part series on the joys and tribulations of being a vinyl record collector.
 Beat Reporting
 Kelly Grant, Globe and Mail, for reporting she did on pharmacare and medically assisted dying as part of her health beat coverage.
 Ariane Lacoursière, La Presse, for exclusive and in-depth stories related to the health-care system.
 Alanna Smith, Calgary Herald, for a package of stories showcasing her work covering domestic violence.
 Breaking News
 Renata D'Aliesio, Melissa Tait, Ian Bailey and Andrea Woo, Globe and Mail, for coverage of the sudden end to a weeks-long search for two teenagers suspected of killing three individuals in British Columbia.
 A team of Ottawa Citizen journalists for coverage of the crash of a double- decker bus packed with commuters into a steel awning at a transit station, killing three passengers and injuring 23 others.
 Thomas Dufour, Audrey Ruel-Manseau and Ariane Lacoursière, La Presse, for reporting on the death of a runner in a marathon race, the lengthy wait before emergency services arrived, and the race-planning problems that contributed to the death.
 Breaking News Photo
 Wayne Cuddington, Ottawa Citizen, for a photo of a distraught woman being attended to by a police officer after a man was gunned down in the city's Byward Market.
 Derek Ruttan, London Free Press, for a photograph showing police officers confronting a man armed with a large hunting knife.
 Melissa Tait, Globe and Mail, for capturing the image of a casket, carrying the body of a young man who had been the subject of a weeks-long search, as it was loaded into an RCMP plane in rural Manitoba.
 Business
 Danielle Bochove, Bloomberg News, for stories about the changing nature of automotive work and the way climate change stands to unlock vast natural resources in Canada's far North.
 Geoffrey York, Matthew McClearn and Stephanie Nolen, Globe and Mail, for an in-depth investigation into the lending practices and other activities of Export Development Canada.
 Jesse McLean and David Bruser, Toronto Star, and Marie-Eve Fournier, Katia Gagnon and Stéphanie Grammond, La Presse, for a joint investigation revealing that one in five Canadians who file for bankruptcy are doing it for at least the second time.
 Columns
 Isabelle Hachey, La Presse, for columns about a controversial doctor/politician, the misfortunes of a traditional village storyteller, and the injustice caused by the reform of an immigration program.
 Edward Keenan, Toronto Star, for columns about life, and politics, in Canada's biggest city.
 Melissa Martin, Winnipeg Free Press, for two columns related to missing and murdered indigenous women, and a deeply personal reflection that emerged from a horrifying experience of turbulence while flying home from Japan.
 Editorial Cartooning
 Serge Chapleau, La Presse
 Brian Gable, Globe and Mail
 Bruce MacKinnon, Halifax Chronicle Herald
 Editorials
 Marie-Andrée Chouinard, Le Devoir, for editorials about the École Polytechnique tragedy, a massacre in Christchurch, N.Z., and an author who openly advocated pedophilia.
 Paul Journet, La Presse, for editorials on federal election spending promises, the pragmatic way young people view environmental issues, and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s "blackface" scandal.
 Peter Scowen, Globe and Mail, for editorials about the fire at Paris's Notre Dame Cathedral, the need for healthy and sustained diversity, and pending changes to the law on medically assisted death.
 Renata D'Aliesio and Melissa Tait, Globe and Mail, for reporting that showed how close the RCMP came to pulling out of the area around Gillam, Man., without finding two fugitives, and the essential role a Cree trapper played in ending the search.
 Grant Robertson and Matthew McClearn, Globe and Mail, for explaining why unexploded ordnance – bombs, mortars and other munitions used during training exercises, and never detonated – has become one of the biggest financial concerns hanging over the Department of National Defence.
 Daphné Cameron et Martin Tremblay, La Presse, for revealing how science, policy and agricultural practice work together to boost pesticides to dangerous levels, and why regulations about this aren’t enforced.
 Feature Photo
 Darryl Dyck, Canadian Press, for the image of a young boy silhouetted while swimming in a glass bottom pool 60 metres above street level at a condo tower in Vancouver.
 Julie Oliver, Ottawa Citizen, for a photo of three campers braving chilly summer weather to take a dip at a nudist colony.
 Dan Riedlhuber, St. Albert Gazette, for an image of a seven-year-old crashing into a curb and spinning during a soapbox derby.


--DocBreak--
ColegCambria students showed they mean business in a national contest


--DocBreak--
OSSINING, N.Y. — Busting out of Sing Sing has been a dream of inmates since cell doors started clanging shut along the Hudson River in the 1820s. Now there’s a plan to usher visitors inside the high walls well known in the past to gangsters, Hollywood stars and prisoners condemned to the electric chair.
 A museum just beyond the maximum-security prison’s watch towers is being planned with a unique feature: a 300-foot-long (91 meters) corridor connecting to the roofless ruins of the original 19th century cell block inside the walls. Museum-goers would stand at the site of the first cramped cells at this prison “up the river” from New York City and learn about life in the Big House.
 “It’s so much more than just barbed wire and stone walls,” said Sean Pica, who was released from the Sing Sing Correctional Facility in 2002. “For those of us that lived in these prisons to know that time will be captured, the history will be told, is exciting — for the good and for the bad.”
 Pica is a board member of the not-for-profit group planning to open the Sing Sing Prison Museum in 2025. Visitors will learn about incarceration in America and about a lockup that looms large culturally.
 Infamous inmates who have passed through the gates 30 miles north of New York City include Charles “Lucky” Luciano and “Son of Sam” killer David Berkowitz. There were 614 people who walked the last mile — 45 feet, actually — to the electric chair here, among them Cold War spies Julius and Ethel Rosenberg.
 The prison’s forbidding reputation was burnished by Hollywood during its golden age through gangster flicks starring James Cagney and other big stars. This is where Holly Golightly visits Sally Tomato in “Breakfast at Tiffany’s” and where Robert DeNiro’s character was sent to in “Analyze This.”
 The prison's unusual name is commonly attributed to a Native American phrase for “stone upon stone.”
 The idea for a museum here has been kicking around for decades — complicated by the fact that Sing Sing is an active maximum-security prison currently housing about 1,300 inmates. Museums at defunct prisons, like Alcatraz, are common. Rarer are those like the Angola Prison Museum, which is outside the front gate of the maximum-security Louisiana State Penitentiary.
 Agreements are being finalized that would allow the private group to begin renovations this summer on the former powerhouse that will house the museum. Organizers plan to turn the building’s locker room into a preview center by the end of this year.
 The $45 million plan is not a state project, though New York has supported it with $3.3 million in grants.


--DocBreak--
Corso BLS-D on line organizzato dall'Associazione Cecchini Cuore ONLUS di Pisa sabato 21 marzo alle 17.30. Per accedere al corso, completamente gratuito e aperto a tutti senza nessun limite di età o di nessun altro genere, basta accedere alla pagina www.cecchinicuore.org e seguire le istruzioni.


--DocBreak--
NEW YORK — Coronavirus has become a “get out of jail" card for hundreds of low-level inmates across the country, and even hard-timers are seeking their freedom with the argument that it's not a matter of if but when the deadly illness sweeps through tightly packed populations behind bars.
 Among those pleading for compassionate release or home detention are the former head of the Cali drug cartel, President Donald Trump's former personal attorney Michael Cohen, Ponzi schemer Bernard Madoff and dozens of inmates at New York City’s Rikers Island, part of a jail system that lost an employee to the virus this week.
 “He is in poor health. He is 81 years old," David Oscar Markus, the attorney for cocaine kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez-Orejuela, wrote in emergency court papers this week seeking his release after serving about half of a 30-year drug-trafficking sentence. “When (not if) COVID-19 hits his prison, he will not have much of a chance."
 While widespread outbreaks of coronavirus behind bars have yet to happen, the frenzy of legal activity underscores a crude reality that's only beginning to sink in: America's nearly 7,000 jails, prisons and correction facilities are an ideal breeding ground for the virus, as dangerous as nursing homes and cruise ships but far less sanitary.
 Stepped-up cleanings and a temporary halt to visitations at many lockups across the country in the midst of the crisis can't make up for the fact that ventilation behind bars is often poor, inmates sleep in close quarters and share a small number of bathrooms.
 “Simply put, it's impossible to do social distancing,” said David S. Weinstein, a former federal prosecutor in Miami.
 The 81-year-old Madoff, who is serving a 150-year sentence for bilking thousands of investors in a $17.5 billion Ponzi scheme, had just asked last month to be released early in light of his terminal kidney disease. Now his attorney is calling on all at-risk federal prisoners to be released for their own safety because of the coronavirus.
 “The federal prison system has consistently shown an inability to respond to major crises,” Madoff attorney Brandon Sample told The Associated Press. “My concerns are even more amplified for prisoners at federal medical centers and those who are aged.”
 Prosecutors argued against Rodriguez-Orejuela's emergency request and noted that the federal prison in Butner, North Carolina, where both he and Madoff are being held has not had any staff or inmates diagnosed with the virus, and staff are being screened upon entry.
 It's not just attorneys for the wealthy and powerful seeking release.
 In New York, public defenders asked judges to release older and at-risk inmates from the city’s beleaguered federal jails, saying pretrial confinement “creates the ideal environment for the transmission of contagious disease.” The motions cite a provision of the Bail Reform Act allowing for the temporary release of pretrial inmates under “compelling” circumstances.
 “I truly believe the jails are ticking time bombs,” said David Patton, executive director of the Federal Defenders of New York. “They’re overcrowded and unsanitary in the best of times. They don’t provide appropriate medical care in the best of times, and these certainly are not the best of times.”


--DocBreak--
Every day Rochester residents are sending wastewater down the drain to the Water Reclamation Plant for treatment. Unfortunately it isn't just toilet paper and human waste being flushed. Non-flushable items are causing damage and costly sewer back-ups for property owners.


--DocBreak--
On March 18, the league announced the remaining 54 games between all teams would be cancelled. With the playoffs and the Memorial Cup's status in Kelowna still up in the air, the league made the call for the health and safety of players and personnel as coronavirus precautions grow.

