You’re reading Electrek— experts who break news about Tesla, electric vehicles, and green energy, day after day. Be sure to check out our homepage for all the latest news, and follow Electrek on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn to stay in the loop. Don’t know where to start? Check out our YouTube channel for the latest reviews.


--DocBreak--
LONDON -- Okay. So now it's time to panic.
 "Doctor Copper" and the rest of the base metals traded on the London Metal Exchange (LME) had weathered the global financial storm surprisingly well until Wednesday.
 However, over the last 48 hours LME copper has dropped by 16%, hitting a four- year low of $4,371 early on Thursday before clambering back to $4,685 per tonne.
 Copper's collapse is part of the broader dash for cash, particularly U.S. cash, that is roiling the world's financial markets.
 But the metallic rout also amounts to a collective rethink about the impact of the novel coronavirus.
 Metal markets thought it was just about China. They are now adjusting rapidly to the reality it is global. As will be the hit on metals demand.
 And, indeed on metals trading. The LME is itself affected by the virus. It will suspend its hallmark open outcry trading rings from next week in favor of electronic price settlement.
 CHANGE OF FOCUS
 Copper's has been hard hit in early London trade for two consecutive days as the LME contract catches up with a base metals selloff in Shanghai.
 The Shanghai Futures Exchange's (ShFE) most active copper contract went limit- down in early trading Thursday, as did aluminum, tin and zinc. Copper volumes in the first three minutes of trade equalled the whole of Wednesday's session, LME broker Marex Spectron said.
 As a result, sellers moved on to the London and New York copper contracts, it said.
 Hedge-selling against put option positions likely added to the ferocity of the action in London.
 The price sliced through put options sitting on the $5,000 and $4,900 levels. Exchange open interest totalled around 140,000 tonnes on those two strikes alone across the April-June period.
 China turning bearish on base metals is symptomatic of the sudden change in market narrative.
 Copper traders were expecting China to be the market's savior.
 China's manufacturing sector largely ground to a halt over the first two months of this year. The country's economic growth is expected to contract over the first quarter by up to 5.2% (Citi) or even 9.0% (Goldman Sachs).
 However, with almost no new domestically-transmitted infections and factories restarting, base metals markets were hoping for a really big stimulus package.
 Even Chinese investors see things will not be that simple.
 Hopes of a V-shaped rebound in the Chinese metals economy are fading as the viral chill on manufacturing activity and end-user demand rolls through Europe and on to the United States.
 The automotive sector is a major end-user for all the base metals and epitomizes the scale of the potential demand impact. Not only are car plants closing across Europe, reducing immediate demand for parts, but end-user demand has all but disappeared. Who could possibly be thinking of buying a new car just now?
 China may be the driver of all things metallic, but part of its appetite for metals, such as copper, is to make things to sell to the rest of the world.
 Steel and iron ore are leveraged to China's domestic construction activity, which is a possible reason iron ore has yet to succumb to the mass panic.
 Base metals tend to be more closely linked with global manufacturing, which is "heavily-linked to the global industrial cycle through exports and supply chain links," Goldman Sachs said in a note.
 "We believe that the Chinese stimulus will not be able to fully offset ex- China weakness," it said.
 The bank has just cut its base metal price forecasts. In the case of copper, three-, six- and 12-month forecasts have been cut from $5,900, $6,200 and $6,500 to $4,900, $5,600 and $6,000 respectively. ("Metals: Going down to cost support levels," March 16, 2020).
 SUPPLY ALSO IMPACTED
 The title of that Goldman note is a reminder that when the going gets tough in metal markets, the analysts dust down their cost curve models in an attempt to locate a possible price floor.
 Cost curves, though, are themselves highly dynamic right now. The oil price has slumped and the dollar has boomed, leading to weaker producer currencies. Both will actively work to reduce the miners' production costs.
 Another problem is that metals producers are notoriously slow to react to market signals. The instinct is to keep producing until the financial pain becomes too intense by which stage the price could be well below the theoretical cost curve.
 It has become clear that China's big smelters largely kept operating over the quarantine period, pumping metal into a demand void. ShFE stocks have mushroomed over the period.
 The one interesting exception is lead. National production slid by 10% in January-February and ShFE stocks have fallen by 26% since the start of January. Quarantine measures appear to have disrupted the battery-recycling chain, a core component of lead's production profile.
 Will this pattern of over-production and stocks build replay in the world outside of China?
 This is where there is a coronaviral kink in what is otherwise an overwhelmingly bear narrative.
 Big producers aren't waiting for a market signal to start reining back production.
 Containment measures are already forcing them to reduce operations.
 Peru, which accounts for around 12% of global copper and zinc production, has declared a national emergency. Many mines are being placed on care and maintenance or seeing activity reduced to minimal critical levels. MMG's Las Bambas is the latest to confirm reduced operations.
 The disruption has spread to Chile. State-owned Codelco will reduce operations for a two-week period as part of a national effort to control the spread of the virus.
 Anglo American is moving to a minimum "operational continuity" plan at its Los Bronces copper mine.
 In both countries the emergency measures are supposed to operate for two weeks but timetables are evidently going to be highly flexible.
 If there is a glimmer of hope in the current metallic gloom it is that such supply restraint, involuntary though it may be, prevents the accumulation of too much inventory during what is shaping up to be a global manufacturing crisis.
 Copper has joined the global panic. Where it goes next is down to a three-way tug-of-war between Chinese stimulus, collapsing demand in the rest of the world and supply disruption.
 The only certainty is volatility. (Editing by Barbara Lewis)


--DocBreak--
Some restaurants have also taken the governor's recommendations to heart. An announcement from April Faris of John's Pizza noted that the local iconic shop will reduce its capacity by 50%. McDonald's has closed its doors for the time being and limited service to drive through.


--DocBreak--
Personal anecdote: The pickers for online orders in my Whole Foods drive me crazy. They are all over the place. In the way of the shoppers. Making it harder to get to shelves as they fill three or four orders at a time. I should add, they are aware of the problem they cause and try to be cooperative. But there are so many that it is an intrusion into what should be a reasonable shopping experience. The aisles of a supermarket should be for the in-store shoppers, not the online orderers.


--DocBreak--
“And, in my particular bubble of the world, [are] Broadway performers; actors, theater companies, people who work behind the scenes in theater companies all over the world who can't make a living because we make our living where people gather,” he said. Further, holding up a collection bucket, the 40-year-old composer said, “I’m here with a little disinfected red bucket and I've been posting — it actually got me back on Twitter — little live videos and raising money for them because that's my little corner and that's where I can be of service.” In the end, Miranda even sang the song Dear Theodosia from his hit Broadway musical Hamilton.


--DocBreak--
Twins Come of Age By Helping South African Children


--DocBreak--
A: That is a belief that is unfounded in truth or in real practice. What I mean is that people do catch a cold in summer. It is not unknown to occur. And especially for the transmission of the Coronavirus, heat is not a deterrent. A hot climate does not prevent Corona virus from spreading. But scientist did observe that the rate of infectivity was somewhat reduced. That is the science so far.


--DocBreak--
Out of the box ! La joie à roulettes


--DocBreak--
LONDON -- Copper languished near four-year lows on Thursday as the spread of the coronavirus intensified fears about global economic growth and demand for industrial metals.
 Economic activity in top consumer China and other major economies has been shredded by government measures to contain the virus, which has so far claimed nearly 9,000 lives, sparking recession fears around the world.
 "The metals markets are still in panic mode which is ongoing and even a rebound from current levels in unlikely to last," said Commerzbank head of commodities research Eugen Weinberg.
 Benchmark copper on the London Metal Exchange (LME) sank to its lowest since January 2016 at $4,371 a tonne, before recovering slightly to trade up 1% at $4,792 by 1517 GMT amid what one trader said may be bargain-hunting by some players.
 Prices of the metal are within striking distance of their lowest since the global recession in 2009. The metal, used by investors as a bellwether for global economic health, has shed 12% so far this week.
 Traders say falling production costs thanks to tumbling energy prices have lowered the floor for metal prices. A stronger U.S. dollar, which makes commodities more expensive for holders of other currencies, was also subduing demand.
 Meanwhile, industrial metals markets are expecting further deliveries into exchange-monitored warehouses as end-users in Europe and the United States close down operations due to the virus, indicating supply is swamping demand.
 Inventories of copper in warehouses approved by the LME have jumped about 30% over the last week to 231,025 tonnes, mostly in South Korea and Taiwan.
 In China, the world's top copper consumer, stocks of the metal in warehouses monitored by the Shanghai Futures Exchange are at four-year highs of 380,085 tonnes.
 In aluminum , total stocks surged 41,775 tonnes to 1.01 million tonnes, reversing a steady trend of declining stocks.
 Pressure on metals and mining companies globally is increasing, with many announcing delays and suspensions of operations as the virus disrupts supply chains and puts restraints on staff.
 Chilean copper miner Codelco will reduce operations for 15 days to comply with a national state of catastrophe while MMG Ltd reduced mining and the transport of concentrates in Peru.
 "Should these (delays) extend beyond a few weeks, it could ultimately lead to a tighter market for copper in the medium term vs forecast surpluses generated by substantial mine supply growth through 2021-23," analysts at Macquarie said in a note.
 Most base metals fell to their lowest since 2016.
 LME aluminum was down 2.5% to $1,609 a tonne, zinc gained 2% to $1,882, lead eased 0.5% to $1,671, tin added 0.2% to $13,595 and nickel lost 1.5% to $11,235.
 (Reporting by Zandi Shabalala; Additional reporting by Tom Daly; Editing by Jan Harvey and Nick Tattersall)


--DocBreak--
He has further focused on the precautionary measures in his speech which are necessary to curb the COVID 19 crisis. The Prime Minister has highlighted the issue that Coronavirus has no remedy so being safe is the only way to fight it in current times. He has also asked people to avoid crowded places and adopt social distancing for the time being. The PM has also asked the elderly people not to step out of their homes for the next few days.


--DocBreak--
D: Moving on. I believe that if we are sitting in a hotter climate and we cannot catch a cold. That is the irony of it. So this starts with a cold, cold cold climate. What do you have to say about that.


--DocBreak--
Bloomberg) -- One of the biggest selloffs in the history of Europe's carbon emissions market stoked record trading in futures and put options as the economic impact of the coronavirus worsened.
 As futures crashed through once-remote option strike prices, investors who'd previously sold puts needed to lay off the risk by selling futures. As prices kept falling, managing the hedge would typically involve selling more futures, and steepening what turned out to be the biggest three-day rout in the market for seven years.
 "Selling the past few days may have been partly related to traders hedging open positions in sold put options, with many strike prices now in the money," Ingo Ramming, head of corporate and investor solutions at Commerzbank AG in Frankfurt, who's tracked the EU market for more than a decade. "It's unclear how long the coronavirus pandemic is going to cut demand for energy and related commodities, including carbon allowances."
 As futures fell below 24 euros ($26) a ton last week, previously out-of-the- money short-dated options to sell carbon permits at 22 euros and 20 euros became increasingly valuable. Those two strike prices have open interest of more than 9 million tons each, or about a third of the daily 100-day average in the futures market. March options expire on March 25.
 Put options trade was the highest ever on ICE, the main exchange for the Europe's carbon market:
 The plunge in market prices meant the U.K. government's revenue from its auction of carbon allowances was 92 million euros, 31% less than two weeks earlier.
 While carbon prices stopped falling on Thursday, the permits are still down 36% over the past five days and traded at about 15.49 euros in London. It still has room to fall and could soon go below 10 euros per ton, according to Nicolas Girod, a managing director at ClearBlue Markets, which advises industrial and utility companies on carbon markets.
 "It's a panic mode," Girod said in a phone interview. "The fundamentals don't mean anything anymore."
 (C)2020 Bloomberg L.P.


  _Bloomberg.com_


--DocBreak--
Meanwhile, the Sahel state of Burkina Faso, which on Wednesday reported the first death from coronavirus in sub-Saharan Africa, said the number of detected cases had risen to 35.
 The national coordinator for the fight against the disease, Martial Ouedraogo, said Thursday most of the infections had been reported in the capital Ouagadougou.
 Others were in Hounde 250 kilometres (155 miles) away and in Bobo Dioulasso, the country's second largest city.
 "The spread is in peaks and troughs," Ouedraogo told reporters.
 On Wednesday, Ouedraogo said the tally of cases stood at 27, including a fatality -- a 62-year-old female legislator who had been suffering from diabetes.
 Coronavirus has been slow to spread -- or be detected -- in sub-Saharan Africa, which experts fear is deeply vulnerable to the disease.
 Africa -- north and south of the Sahara -- has had 712 known cases of the virus, according to a tally compiled by AFP.
 Health specialists say the continent is a potential breeding ground for the virus, given poor sanitation, poverty, urban over-crowding and creaking medical systems.
 \- Border fence and mercy flights -
 In the south of the continent, South Africa reported its case total had leapt from 116 to 150.
 The government declared it would erect or repair 40 kilometres (25 miles) of fence on its border with Zimbabwe to help tamp viral spread.
 "This is to ensure that no undocumented or infected persons cross into the country and vice-versa," said Public Works Minister Patricia de Lille.


--DocBreak--
Today, U.S. stocks opened mostly in the red on Thursday, adding on to yesterday's losses, as more and more corporations are coming out with revised performance outlooks amid the coronavirus crisis.


--DocBreak--
Malik Hall's resiliency shines on and off the court


--DocBreak--
Even as the White House COVID-19 task force held its daily briefing, Wall Street is on a roller coaster ride.


--DocBreak--
News is moving fast and furious right now, and a lot happens throughout the day. Here are some quick bullet points on what has happened in the past 24 hours.


--DocBreak--
principales medidas de prevención es evitar el contacto a través del


--DocBreak--
First, I can't stand the Harley-Davidson split-turn signal thing. I don't want to control my left and right turn signal buttons with different thumbs — I want a single. I don't know why they have always done that, but it's annoying as hell. The only redeeming thing here is that the auto-cancelling turn signals mean I only need to touch the turn signals once.


--DocBreak--
Offered as a free add-on to Comcast's broadband-only customers, Flex runs on a 4K-capable IP client called the Xi6 and works in tandem with a broadband gateway from Comcast or operator-approved retail models.


--DocBreak--
The Milton Double Decker lunch box is the perfect solution to your everyday lunch. Featuring a set of two round containers with a carry case and a fork and spoon, this lunch box can help you carry a wide range of dishes like rotis, salads, curries, cut fruits, rice and more with ease. We love that the taste, freshness, and temperature of the food are retained all along, and is locked in due to the air-tight lids with insulated bodies! To add to the good parts, it is also microwaveable and freezer safe. Don't worry about the odor as the high quality plastic containers prevent foul odor from seeping into the food, making it a perfect pick for you and your family.


--DocBreak--
For the rest of us living in the real world with real paychecks, just sit tight. And pray that Harley-Davidson can hold on long enough to bring us the next four electric motorcycles and two-wheelers it has coming over the next two years.


--DocBreak--
Love Is Blind producer says Kenny Barnes 'trying to save face' after claims he 'plotted split with Kelly Chase'


--DocBreak--
I was in, oddly enough. And I hadn't even tried. I was simply somehow a member of a community. And off course I wasn't in it to be in a club — I was in it to ride an awesome bike. But I'm not going to lie, it felt kind of cool to be wordlessly welcomed into a tribe.


--DocBreak--
A: You know my answer to this is “ to each man his faith” . We also heard stories fo Christian prayer meetings that were supposed to halt the coronavirus, and maulvi prayers that are protective. We are not here to trash anyone’s personal beliefs. And I do think that personal faith and beliefs have a great role in helping someone cope with a disease or sickness. Anything is fair game. BUT at the same time use scientific knowledge and common sense and general precautions prescribed during an epidemic which is once again – wash hand, keep a safe distance from someone who has either travelled or showing symptoms.


--DocBreak--
LONDON -- The dollar surged on Thursday as extraordinary steps by central banks across the world to stem a coronavirus-induced financial rout saw mixed success, boosting bonds but failing to halt losses in stocks from Asia to Wall Street.
 The dollar gained as investors rushed to secure liquidity, pushing the British pound down 0.9% to its lowest since 1985 and rising 1% against major currencies to its highest since March 2017.
 The euro fell 1.6% to $1.0726 per dollar, its lowest since April 2017, despite the European Central Bank pledging late on Wednesday to buy 750 billion euros ($820 billion) in sovereign debt through 2020.
 That brought the ECB's planned purchases for this year to 1.1 trillion euro, with the new purchases alone worth 6% of the euro zone's GDP.
 The emergency stimulus did stabilize bond markets somewhat, with government bond yields in Italy and across the euro zone dropping after the ECB move.
 "The announcement (the ECB) has made has gone some way to comforting markets that borrowing costs in those economies won't be allowed to spiral higher," said Mike Bell, global market strategist at J.P. Morgan Asset Management.
 Yet European stocks were unimpressed, falling back into negative territory after arresting their rout in early trading.
 The broad Euro STOXX 600 fell 0.4% after gaining more than 1% in early trading. Indexes in Frankfurt, Paris and London's FTSE all saw advances wiped out as the ECB move failed to staunch a month-long sell-off.
 The mood spread to Wall Street, which fell in early trading. The Dow Jones sinking 2.8% after opening only just in the red. The S&P 500 fell 0.9%.
 Earlier, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slumped by 4%. Korea and Taiwan led the losses as the index plunged to a four-year low, with circuit breakers triggered in Seoul, Jakarta and Manila.
 Expected price swings for some of the world's biggest currencies rocketed to multi-year highs as the demand for dollars forced traders to dump currencies across the board.
 For the British pound versus the dollar, expected volatility gauges leapt to 24.4%, their highest level since before the 2016 Brexit vote.
 "One unresolved and really critical issue is what's going on in volatility," said Andrew Sheets, chief cross-asset strategist at Morgan Stanley. "I think that volatility needs to stabilize before the broader market can heal."
 MSCI's world equity index, which tracks shares in 49 countries, fell around 0.8%.
 ITALIAN YIELDS DOWN, GERMAN YIELDS UP
 Italy, which has seen its borrowing costs jump in recent days, led the drop in yields after the ECB move.
 Its two-year bond yields slumped by than 100 basis points to 0.41%, heading for their biggest one-day fall since 1996. Italy's 10-year bond yields slid as much as 90 bps to 1.40%.
 The gap over the safer German Bund's yields tightened almost 100 bps from Wednesday's closing levels and were set for the biggest daily drop since the 2011 euro one crisis.
 Germany's 10-year bond yield rose to a two-month high, reversing earlier falls following a report that the country will soon declare an exception to its debt brake. That would see Berlin issue new debt for the first time since 2013.
 Before the ECB move, the U.S. Federal Reserve promised a liquidity facility for money market mutual funds and the Bank of Japan made two unscheduled bond purchases totalling 1.3 trillion yen ($12 billion).
 The Australian central bank slashed interest rates to a record low of 0.25%.
 Traders reported huge strains in bond markets, however, as distressed funds sold any liquid asset to cover losses in stocks and redemptions from investors.
 "Not only central banks but governments are throwing everything at the economy right now, but markets aren't responding," said Luca Paolini, chief strategist at Pictet Asset Management.
 Commodities also fell as the virus outbreak worsened.
 Gold fell 0.7%, buffeted like other assets by high volatility. Oil rose after plunging overnight to an 18-year low, though Brent gave up most of its gains. It was last up half a cent at $25.39.
 Underlining expectations of severe economic damage from the pandemic, J.P. Morgan economists forecast the U.S. economy will shrink 14% in the next quarter and the Chinese economy will lose more than 40% on an annualized basis in the current one.
 "There is no longer doubt that the longest global expansion on record will end this quarter," they said in a note. "The key outlook issue now is gauging the depth and the duration of the 2020 recession." For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets, please click on:
 (Reporting by Tom Wilson; Additional reporting by Tom Westbrook in Singapore and Sujata Rao in London; editing by Sam Holmes, Elaine Hardcastle)


--DocBreak--
The Masked Singer': Swan is latest to fly the coop


--DocBreak--
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has tested positive for the coronavirus, increasing pressure on Britain to extend a trade talks deadline beyond the end of the year.
 The 69-year-old Frenchman announced on Thursday that he has the COVID-19 strain, though he insisted that he feels fine and would confine himself at home in France for as long as it is necessary.
 Even before the revelation, Britain was under huge pressure to delay its December 31 deadline to reach a trade deal with Europe, especially given the economic chaos brought on by the global pandemic.
 The talks began a month after Britain officially left the EU on January 31, and six weeks later both sides are still leagues apart on how they envision future ties, with tempers often flaring.
 British Prime Minister Boris Johnson is steadfast that Britain will no longer obey EU rules at the end of 2020, the completion of a transition period during which London must follow EU law.
 While Johnson has the power to extend it by one or two years, he has passed a UK law compelling Britain to wind up the transition this year.
 In a video message, a healthy-looking Barnier made no reference to the impact of his predicament on Brexit talks.
 "I tested positive yesterday for COVID-19. I'm as well as I can be, strictly confined to my home," he said, speaking in France.
 "I'm fine, morale is good," the former French foreign minister added, wearing a sweater and speaking in front of a cluttered bookshelf.
 Messages of support poured in from across Europe as well as Britain, where a government spokesman said: "We of course send Michel Barnier our best wishes."
 Barnier's boss, European Commission president Ursula von der Leyen, also sent a warm message, wishing him a swift recovery.
 \- Delay 'banished' -
 But the negotiations themselves were already a victim of the virus when EU and Britain cancelled this week's round of talks in London.
 Both sides were to meet intensively through June, before an EU-UK summit that would take stock of progress and decide the best way forward.
 Brussels has already warned that the timetable was too tight to reach a meaningful deal, but calls for a delay, even after the emergence of the coronavirus, have fallen on deaf ears.
 The idea of a postponement "has been banished, it's been done!" Johnson thundered at a press conference on Wednesday.
 In normal circumstances, a delay would be a major embarrassment for the British government, which has promised to fully leave the EU by the end of the year come what may.
 But key officials and diplomats in Brussels now believe that Britain might be left with little choice as Europe grinds to a halt, viewing the virus crisis as the only priority.
 "Dear Boris Johnson, what about putting pride and promises aside to join all our forces in the fight against COVID19 instead?" asked German MEP Bernd Lange, the head of European Parliament's powerful trade committee.
 "In these times no one cares about deadlines for a trade deal," he added.
 Each side has recently drawn up its own draft of the deal in an effort to expose the yawning differences.
 The EU has made its public, and it includes requirements that Britain must not diverge far from EU rules if it wants to have easy access to the bloc's economy.
 But Johnson's government says it wants a simple free trade agreement between "sovereign equals" and is prepared to sacrifice access to the EU market in exchange for full freedom to write laws and regulations.
 If left unaddressed, the split could lead to a bare-bones deal on tariffs or even no deal, piling even more pain on the European economy.


--DocBreak--
Objective type question paper to be answered on OMR sheet of 100 marks of 02 hours duration containing 100 questions on General Awareness / General Knowledge, Knowledge of elementary mathematics, Analytical Aptitude, Ability to observe and distinguish patterns and to test the basic knowledge of the candidate in Hindi/English.


--DocBreak--
Karen Wild has a second grader and an 18-year-old special needs son who attend Wichita Public Schools. Since she and her husband are small business owners, they have the ability to make their own schedule and are able to take turns staying at home with their children to provide around the clock care for their autistic son. While she realizes they have more flexibility than most parents, she's concerned for those with special needs students.

