Ex-Chipangano leader off the hook


--DocBreak--
Due to a state mandate to slow or curb the spread of coronavirus, restaurants in the Sturgis area have shifted their operation dynamic to continue food service.
 By an order issued by Gov. Gretchen Whitmer, restaurants, bars, coffee shops and eateries in general were to close off options that promote close-quarter gatherings, effective March 16. However, those establishments had the option of operating on a pickup/takeout, delivery or drive-through basis.
 While the lack of dine-in options have reduced overall sales for some establishments, business owners and managers remain optimistic and grateful for community support.
 The Journal checked with several establishments in Sturgis and surrounding communities about how COVID-19 has changed the routine.
 Five Lakes Coffee
 Paul Smith, co-owner of Five Lakes Coffee in Sturgis, said Friday the community has been "very supportive and we appreciate it very much."
 "We are trying to make certain we keep our workers and customers healthy," Smith said.
 With Meijer in Sturgis changing its opening to 8 a.m., as of Friday, Five Lakes' location in the south side of the store will parallel that change in operation. The company's overall hours of operation are 8 a.m. to 9 p.m.
 The company has been posting regular updates on its Facebook page for customer benefit.
 "As we continue to monitor the unfolding coronavirus situation, we are committed to protecting the health of our team and customers," Paul and Jared Smith announced on the Facebook page.
 The downtown Sturgis location shut down its walk-in and seating area on Monday, shifting to a "to-go" operation.
 "We will pause the use of all seating," the owners said Monday. "You can still enter the store and order 'to-go' at the counter, (but) we will modify the condiment bar and put creamer in coffees for our customers to help eliminate the use of community creamer containers."
 The Smiths asked that customers exercise "good social distance" by maintaining the government recommendation of remaining six feet apart.
 According to the shop's Facebook page, the cashier will use gloves to handle transactions. Five Lakes does accept contactless cards and Apple Pay if patrons prefer.
 Five Lakes Indiana stores in Angola, Auburn and Kendallville offer drive- through only service through the duration of the crisis, the owners said, while the Meijer locations will continue to operate as usual, but will suspend use of seating and the locations will consider a switch to "to-go."
 The business took a proactive approach as the country began to shift March 12 toward business shutdowns. Five Lakes suspended refills of coffee and use of customer mugs in an effort to make certain the virus isn't spread from one person to another.
 In addition, workers are asked to stay home if they have cold or flu-like symptoms or knowingly were exposed to someone with coronavirus, according to the company Facebook page.
 Five Lakes plans to maintain normal opening and closing times at the stores, but will continue to monitor the situation, Paul and Jared Smith said in a joint statement online.
 "I know that we can all get through this together," Smith said Friday.
 DaVinci's
 Gabriella Manga, owner of DaVinci's in Sturgis, said the restaurant, from a business perspective, is holding up "as good as can be expected."
 DaVinci's shifted from seated dining to carryout and delivery service options. Carryout is available 11 a.m.-8 p.m., or food may be delivered if an order is at least $20 and within the city limits.
 "We're taking it one day at a time," Manga said Thursday. "We've been pleasantly surprised the last couple days at the support we've had."
 As of Thursday, Manga said, the restaurant has been able to keep the staff members who are able to work "busy," while those who had to change or eliminate their hours due to coronavirus, particularly needing to stay home with children who are out of school, have been allowed flexibility to do so.
 Manga said she is "grateful for the support" the community has shown the business of 35 years.
 "We've given to the community and have been reciprocated," she said. "People have been generous, and this is (a circumstance) where small towns really shine. We will be better off in the long run because of it."
 Culver's
 Chuck Brown, assistant manager at Culver's on Centerville Road, said the drive-through is remaining steadfast, despite dine-in shuttering.
 "Business is a little down because of the dine-in seating being closed, but overall, sales are good," he said.
 With the drive-through remaining strong, Brown said he remains optimistic.
 "We are getting through everything as other businesses are," he said. "We are constantly cleaning and disinfecting and then doing it all again, and we are grateful for everyone's support."
 Oasis Family Restaurant
 Kathleen Hawkins, manager of Oasis Family Restaurant in Three Rivers, said the restaurant continues to offer food pick-up services for customers.
 "We're letting local places know we're here, we're open and we offer curbside delivery and carryout orders," Hawkins said. "We're keeping everything clean and doing what we can for now."
 Hawkins said the restaurant is working with a skeleton crew right now and is monitoring the situation on how long they have to abide by orders to keep the dine-in aspect shut down.
 "We're looking at the 27th at this point, maybe the 30th, although we're unsure of that," Hawkins said. "Given the rise in (virus) cases we're hearing about, we're just not sure at this point."
 In the meantime, Hawkins said, "We're here and serving out customers, and we're grateful for them."


--DocBreak--
Three of the country’s major cities are on lockdown tonight. Could other states and cities follow suit?


--DocBreak--
Coronavirus: China on the mend helps world heal | DW News


--DocBreak--
Ten-day-old baby among 700 migrants rescued at sea


--DocBreak--
“Americans from every walk of life are coming together,” Trump said. “We are winning and we are going to win this war.”


--DocBreak--
In addition to the presidential race, dozens of congressional and local primaries are in limbo. Primaries play an important role in deciding which party candidates will appear on the ballot for the November general election.


--DocBreak--
E’ indispensabile, quindi, uscire da una stretta polarità dialettica, che metta in contrasto elementi ugualmente fondamentali per il tessuto civile. Serve una via di congiunzione garantita dalle istituzioni e dalla sfera statuale. Guai ad appaltare i servizi di condivisione dei dati, pur per finalità nobili, ai soliti _Over The Top_ : da Google, ad Amazon, a Facebook in poi. Ne ha scritto su _il manifesto_ dello scorso giovedì 12 marzo Michele Mezza e ci ha ragionato sul sito del “Centro per la riforma dello Stato” il direttore di quest’ultimo Giulio De Petra. Ci sentiremmo più tutelati ora e si correggerebbe la disastrosa linea privatistica che ha condizionato le politiche digitali (imposte dalla televisione) negli ultimi venticinque anni, contribuendo al disastro italiano. Diversi commentatori in questo periodo sembrano riscoprire i difetti teorici e pratici degli approcci liberisti, piangendo sull’assenza in numerose zone della banda larga e di una seria rete infrastrutturale aperta e “bene comune”. Ne risentono i pur buoni propositi sull’educazione a distanza e sullo _smart working_ , a prescindere dalle sacrosante problematiche pedagogiche e sindacali.

