MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. (WMBF) - Losing a loved one is a time when a person typically wants to be with family and friends, remembering the person’s life. However, under this new normal due to the growing concern surrounding the coronavirus, the way people say goodbye to a loved one is changing.Funeral homes across the country are changing up how they do services. Some are going online and others are limiting how many people can come to pay respects.Myrtle Beach Funeral Home has a limit of no more than 50 people coming to a gathering. They’ve also changed up signing registration books, so people can’t spread germs while signing and sharing a pin.Because the passing of a loved one is typically a time people want to come together, staff is working on alternatives to make it possible.“We are currently working on getting livestream capabilities. There are a number of ways to do it," Bob Borning, assistant manager, said. "We want to do it as professionally and cost effective for families as possible also. For immediate families - and there are a lot of families in the greater Horry County and Georgetown County areas - that have large families and they want to be on the premises, so we have to kind of coordinate, kind of, shifts so that people can come in and leave and then the other part of the family can come in and leave.”Any time a loved one dies, for some, travel is involved. For others, they are remaining distant due to the threat of the virus. In light of that, delaying a funeral is something Myrtle Beach Funeral Home is also seeing.“We had one family that had a service for last Saturday and they called on Thursday to postpone and it was not because we couldn’t accommodate them but because some of the family had problems with travel due to the virus and finding places to stay and places to eat,” Borning said.For those who aren’t able to physically attend a funeral, officials recommend showing love and support through online donations to the family.Copyright 2020 WMBF. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
The comments were further evidence that Trump has grown impatient with the pandemic, even before it has reached its expected peak. In recent days, tensions have been rising between those who argue the country needs to get back up and running to prevent a deep economic depression and medical experts who warn that, unless more extreme action is taken, the human cost will be catastrophic.


--DocBreak--
Talking about the reason why they have thousands of satisfied patients, the clinic's spokesperson remarked, "We are a professionally run and managed facility that was purposefully set up by a seasoned podiatrist to provide exceptional services to our patients with various deformities. Dr. Nagler has taken the directive of ensuring he has built up a team of like-minded specialists who have proven their worth. Every foot doctor at our clinic not only has the right professional qualifications but has a record for going the extra mile to work wonders on their patients."  


--DocBreak--
Main Business and Markets Served  


--DocBreak--
Denmark's queen has called off her birthday celebrations due to the spread of the new coronavirus, but some 120,000 Danes announced that they would sing to celebrate the sovereign's 80th.
 More than 122,000 people had joined the Facebook group "Danmark synger for dronningen" (Denmark sings for the queen) by Tuesday, pledging to sing for the queen on Thursday, April 16.
 "When corona has closed the official party - we have to mark the day ourselves," the organisers of the singing said.
 "At 1200 we sing on the streets and roads, on balconies, out the window... wherever we may be," they added.
 On March 12, Queen Margrethe II, who remains a popular figure in the country, cancelled her 80th birthday celebrations "in light of the spread of COVID-19 and the consequences for society".
 The queen, who has been on the throne since 1972, also addressed the Danish people in a televised speech last week.
 She called on the Danes to "create new hope in a difficult time".

