end functions for video ads moving left and right


--DocBreak--
However, he said, "there is still a long way to go".


--DocBreak--
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.


--DocBreak--
functions for moving video ads to left and right


--DocBreak--
On Monday, with a growing number of cases, Gov. Eric Holcomb signed an executive order defining essential businesses and limiting all other Hoosier travel.
 Doug Carter, the superintendent of the Indiana State Police, described the order as a “common sense approach,” he said his officers would use their discretion with enforcement.
 “I have offered direction to all Indiana State Troopers, all police chiefs, all sheriffs… we are all seeing that our citizens are afraid or confused,” Carter said. “Please know that we will help you along the way.”
 Carter said that the order allowed for “tremendous” mobility but didn’t elaborate on enforcement further.
 “Ninety-nine percent of Hoosiers out there are compliant,” Holcomb said. “What this did is put everyone on the same page.”
 Holcomb said that the state wouldn’t be pulling people over who traveled to and from work and determinations could be made on a case-by-case basis.
 “Our intent is not meant to be a hammer, this is meant to be instructional,” Holcomb said. “The quicker we all get on the same page, the quicker we will get through this.”
 Carter decried fear mongering online with uncited claims about Indianapolis shortages prompting doctors to restrict ventilator access for those over the age of 60.
 “I am disgusted that at this point in time, when we are challenged beyond anything we’ve ever experienced in our lifetimes, that somebody would say such a thing,” Carter said.
 Box repeated her warning that Hoosiers should anticipate future cases and a possible “surge” in cases similar to other states and countries.


--DocBreak--
We strongly urge the rest of the public to do the right thing and help us save lives by staying at home and slowing the spread of the virus.’

