“They're already seeing people that would have been the ones preparing their food are now the ones that are in need of the food. And so this is a time when we as a state rise to the occasion, we do this every single year during hurricane season, and now even more so than ever we need to be supporting our nonprofits that are going to be stepping up to the plate to feed our state,” said Fried.


--DocBreak--
CRIFAX added a report on ‘Global Cable ladders Market, 2020-2028’ to its database of market research collaterals consisting of overall market scenario with prevalent and future growth prospects, among other growth strategies used by key players to stay ahead of the game. Additionally, recent trends, mergers and acquisitions, region-wise growth analysis along with challenges that are affecting the growth of the market are also stated in the report.


--DocBreak--
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.


--DocBreak--
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., swung behind the bipartisan agreement, saying it “takes us a long way down the road in meeting the needs of the American people."


--DocBreak--
Stocks run out of steam on US job jitters, yen gains | Business News,The Indian Express


--DocBreak--
We have to think positively that tourism in Tobago will rise from the ashes when the First World recovers economically. However the dream of a fully independent Tobago appears impossible this side of this present century for obvious reasons. There are some political back stabbers who might say that the TT $50m. is the bride price for keeping within the political Trinidad and Tobago marriage. And I say, so what? All is fair in love, war, politics and surmounting dangerous viral infections.


--DocBreak--
"Tobago can't go it alone"


--DocBreak--
Be strict across the board


--DocBreak--
end functions for video ads moving left and right


--DocBreak--
Tobago can't go it alone


--DocBreak--
functions for moving video ads to left and right


--DocBreak--
The coronavirus outbreak is a source of fear and anxiety for many. But, domestic violence advocates say the outbreak could intensify the dangers facing survivors of abuse.
 "We can think about this in terms of a perfect storm. There's a lot of potential for intimate partner violence to escalate," said Katie Tyler.
 Tyler is vice president of violence intervention and prevention for Health Imperatives, a nonprofit that provides support for domestic violence victims, sexual and reproductive healthcare, and assistance for economically disadvantaged families.
 Residents of Massachusetts and in cities and states across the country are being urged to stay home whenever possible for at least the next few weeks, to slow the spread of COVID-19. Social distancing and limiting contact with others, the CDC has said, is the most effective way to combat the outbreak.
 But, Tyler said, this could also make victims of domestic violence less likely to seek out medical care. She's heard anecdotally that some perpetrators are using fear of the virus to stop their victims from visiting a hospital, telling them they could become sick and die, or spread the virus to their children and other loved ones.
 "So there's a lot of potential to exploit the anxiety that exists for all of us," Tyler said.
 Sue Chandler, CEO of South Shore domestic violence nonprofit DOVE, said the pandemic means many domestic violence victims are now cooped up at home with their abusers, making it harder to escape. This can also make it harder for victims to make phone calls to get help.
 And, she said, business closures because of the virus mean many people are having hours cut or losing their jobs entirely. This loss of income can increase tensions in a household, heightening the risk of abuse.
 Police departments that partner with DOVE have reported that calls for domestic violence are "skyrocketing" now, she said.
 And, the current system of domestic violence shelters is an imperfect solution. On a normal night, Chandler said, every domestic violence shelter across the state is full.
 "So it was already hard to get into a space and escape the abuse," she said. "That's what people always tell victims to do, 'why didn't they just leave?'"
 Shelters, where many people are living and sleeping in close quarters, are ideal places for a virus like coronavirus to spread, Chandler said. This endangers not only the people utilizing the shelter, but the staff, many of whom care for children or elderly loved ones outside of work.
 "This is a crisis that has tendrils in a million different directions," she said.
 Adapting Services
 Across the South Shore and elsewhere, domestic violence advocates and care providers are adapting to continue offering vital services amid the outbreak.
 Coronavirus means that Health Imperatives is now offering some of its services over the phone, through mail or online as much as possible. These include rape crisis counseling and support, help with obtaining restraining orders and harassment orders, and WIC nutrition assistance.
 However, they are still providing direct, in-person care at several of their facilities, including their emergency domestic violence shelter and their seven sexual and reproductive healthcare clinics throughout the southeastern part of the state. Clinics are asking potential patients to call first, then work with an employee over the phone to determine if they should be seen in person.
 Julia Kehoe, Health Imperative's president and CEO, said it's crucial for her organization to keep offering medical care, pandemic or no pandemic.
 "Everybody's really concerned about the health care system becoming overrun," she said. "We want to make sure people know we can continue to provide the services we provide through our sexual and reproductive health clinics."
 Health Imperatives is continuing to operate its emergency hotline at 508-588-8255. Hotline employees work with callers to determine if they should call 911, to connect them with other resources and to make safety plans.
 Tyler said safety planning can become even more important for domestic violence victims who are now trapped with their abusers. These plans can include knowing the location of the local police department, collecting important documents and hiding them in a safe place to allow for a quick exit, and developing signs to communicate to a trusted neighbor that they should call 911, like putting all the shades in the house down.
 "It's just like a fire drill. If you know the steps that you need to take ahead of time, you're more likely to keep yourself safe," Tyler said.
 Future troubles
 DOVE's conseling and legal services are now being offered over the phone. The organization has moved everyone who was staying in one of its shelters into hotel rooms, Chandler said. The organization felt this was the safest choice for participants and staff members.
 But, she said, hotels may begin to close as fears of the virus continue. And, it may eventually become prohibitively expensive for DOVE or other nonprofits to keep their program participants in hotels.
 "That is not going to be sustainable in the long-term," she said.
 It's a tricky situation, Chandler said, but the only real solution would be for much more housing to be built in Massachusetts, including many more public housing units, and for the state to provide more financial help to families who cannot afford market-rate housing. The lack of affordable apartments and public housing in the state is a "crisis" that means people can spend years waiting for housing, she said.
 "This is a place where we desperately need the state to make many additional housing resources available for people in domestic violence shelters across the commonwealth," she said.
 How to Help
 Chandler said domestic violence programs across the state are also worried about losing donor funding during the coronavirus pandemic, as organizations are forced to cancel fundraising events and as individual donors might choose to put their money elsewhere. Fundraising shortfalls raise the specter of having to lay off staff, even as coronavirus heightens the need for domestic violence programs.
 "It is critically important that folks who are in the position to do so continue to support local non-profits," she said.
 Kehoe said people should take extra care to watch out for their neighbors and see if they notice anything out of the ordinary.
 People who are not experiencing domestic violence themselves but are concerned about someone else should also feel free to call the hotline, she said.
 "Checking in by phone, just like you would with any other neighbors you're concerned about," can go a long way, she said.


--DocBreak--
New Mexico regulators give green light to solar project


--DocBreak--
None of that is to say the region is totally out of the woods. Even with mitigating conditions, a heavy rainfall alone can cause dangerous flash flooding, officials said.


--DocBreak--
But who really cares? Covid19 will be using up every cent a Trinidad government can borrow in order to keep both islands functioning. With open arms, Trinidad has just allocated TT$50m to keep the heads of Tobagonian hoteliers above water. Such timely generosity will hopefully keep Tobagonians happy until covid19 releases its clutches.


--DocBreak--
Ten-day-old baby among 700 migrants rescued at sea


--DocBreak--
"Be strict across the board"


--DocBreak--
Ponder this scenario. You go to the NLCB booth, you have to fill out gambling forms (as most advocate no "bet calling"), you have to handle cash (as the use of debit/credit card is not accepted), "aye pardner lend meh yuh pen nah," you stand near to others who wait for the mark to "buss", they mutter their disgust or delight, spittle flying left and right.


--DocBreak--
All tickets have a force majeure clause, which might get organizers off the hook of paying refunds if the coronavirus is deemed to be "beyond Tokyo 2020's reasonable control."


--DocBreak--
CRIFAX added a report on ‘Europe Clean Coal Market, 2019-2028’ to its database of market research collaterals consisting of overall market scenario with prevalent and future growth prospects, among other growth strategies used by key players to stay ahead of the game. Additionally, recent trends, mergers and acquisitions, growth analysis along with challenges that are affecting the growth of the market are also stated in the report.


--DocBreak--
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Panthers have officially signed free agent quarterback Teddy Bridgewater to a three-year contract.
 A person familiar with the situation told The Associated Press last week that the contract is worth $63 million. The person spoke on condition of anonymity last week because the team doesn’t release financial terms of a contract.
 Bridgewater replaces 2011 No. 1 overall pick Cam Newton, who was released on Tuesday after nine seasons with the team.
 The Panthers also announced they have signed former XFL quarterback P.J. Walker to a two-year contract. Walker is expected to battle for the backup QB spot with last year’s third-round draft pick Will Grier.
 Bridgewater enters his seventh NFL season after spending four seasons with the Vikings and two with the Saints. After Drew Brees injured his thumb early last season Bridgewater stepped in and went 5-0 as a starter putting New Orleans firmly in control of the NFC South.
 He finished the season with 1,384 yards passing, nine touchdowns and two interceptions. He was fifth in the NFL in quarterback rating (99.1) among players who started at least five games and was sixth in completion rate (67.9 percent).
 Bridgewater was selected by the Vikings with the 32nd pick of the 2014 draft. He earned Pro Bowl honors in 2015 after leading the Vikings to an 11-5 record and their first NFC North title since 2009. A severe knee injury suffered in practice stalled a budding career, causing him to miss the majority of the next two seasons.
 For his career, Bridgewater is 22-12 as a starter and has thrown for 7,652 yards with 38 touchdowns. He has a 65.2 percent completion rate.
 The Panthers recently added a playmaker for Bridgewater, agreeing to terms on a two-year, $20 million contract on Tuesday with free agent wide receiver Robby Anderson from the New York Jets. He joins a receiving group that includes D.J. Moore and Curtis Samuel.
 The Panthers currently have nine wide receivers on the roster, also adding Keith Kirkwood, Pharoh Cooper and Seth Roberts via free agency.
 Carolina released veteran tight end Greg Olsen and has signed Seth DeValve to take his spot.
 Walker joins the Panthers after spending a portion of the past three seasons on the Colts practice squad. While he has never played a regular-season down in the NFL, he excelled with the Roughnecks before the XFL season was canceled, throwing for 15 touchdowns and only four interceptions while leading his team to a 5-0 record. NFL teams were officially allowed to start signing XFL players on Monday.


--DocBreak--
With space-age industrial and digitalization tools, PMR proffer accurate insights regarding market growth as well as ongoing industrial trends. Our analysts are available round the clock to deliver reports that stick to clientele requirements with no additional charges. We are in constant touch with research scientists to gather information about innovative manufacturing techniques.


--DocBreak--
On the back of growing population and economic development around the world combined with rising energy demand among residential, commercial and public services, and transport sector, the global Cable ladders market is estimated to witness exuberant growth over the forecast period, i.e., 2020-2028. According to IEA (International Energy Agency), the worldwide energy demand grew by 4% (900TWh) in 2018. In the same year, the estimation of total electricity production across the globe was attained through coal and natural gas, with coal contributing to 25.6% and natural gas with 27.9% of the total production. Additionally, there is a rising demand for clean, sustainable and eco-friendly energy generation due to increased concerns pertaining to rise in CO2 emissions from energy generation.


--DocBreak--
New Mexico regulators give green light to solar project - ExpressNews.com


--DocBreak--
Stephanie Burroughs makes sure her six-year-old son gets outside at least four to five days a week to detach from technology and connect with nature.
   
 The 41-year-old Jacksonville resident and her son, Augur, spend time walking along the beach, running or riding scooters, hiking trails and playing at several area parks. She also runs outside before work, and sometimes after, to take a mental break from the day.
   
 "Get out of your house. It's just so easy to go home and put on the tube," she said. "Even a couple weeks ago it was raining, but it was warm enough, and we played football in the rain."
       Get the news delivered to your inbox: Sign up for our daily newsletters     
 Whether it's just a couple hours relaxing on a park bench or spending a whole weekend camping, biking and playing sports, area families will find no shortage of ways to get outdoors in Onslow County this spring.
   
 "We want people to get active and we want them to have fun," said Jason McCray, athletic programs supervisor for Onslow County Parks and Recreation. "Getting outside fights childhood obesity, as well as adult obesity, and then just improves the quality of life."
   
 Clubs and group activities
   
 Alysun Caldwell also prefers to run outside rather than on the treadmill because it helps change perspective, she said. Caldwell and her husband organize the Topsail Area Running Club that was started by her friend three years ago.
   
 "Most of us work inside or spend the majority of our time inside," Caldwell said. "If you kind of get stuck in that rut and you're frustrated, or whatever's going on in your life and you just need to change, a change of scenery is the best way to do that. And when you're running outside you get that."
   
 The group meets at 7 p.m. every Tuesday at the Salty Turtle Beer Company, located at 103 Triton Lane in Surf City. From there they embark on a three- mile run or walk across the Surf City bridge and back. It's designed for all ages and paces, followed by a beer at the Salty Turtle.
   
 "The biggest thing we have is the group. It's the camaraderie and the people," Caldwell said. "That's what keeps everybody coming back and willing to go out even when it's not nice outside, when it's rainy, windy or cold."
   
 Many of the members are from Holly Ridge, Sneads Ferry and other areas surrounding Surf City, but runners from Wilmington and Jacksonville's Asphalt Junkies join too. Three runs with the group earns a free T-shirt sponsored by the Salty Turtle, so some vacationers join the group during the summer, Caldwell said.
   
 During peak times more than 70 people have run on a Tuesday night, and the group has about 200 total members, she said.
   
 Area runners also have many race options throughout the year, including several hosted by the Jacksonville-Onslow Sports Commission. Upcoming races include the Run For The Warriors Half Marathon and 5k on Nov. 14 and New River Splash Triathlon & 5k on June 6.
   
 Athletes who prefer group activities with a little less running can take advantage of various sports leagues hosted by the city and county.
   
 The City of Jacksonville offers softball leagues year round and kickball leagues beginning in the spring, said Susan Baptist, Jacksonville's director of Recreation Services. The county also has softball and other sports leagues and is looking at starting up a family-friendly dodgeball league this spring, McCray said.
   
 Onslow plans to begin hosting volleyball leagues this summer, McCray said. He put in his budget this year to get new sand and nets for the volleyball courts at Onslow Pines park off U.S. 17 about three miles south of Jacksonville.
   
 The parks
   
 If schedules aren't as flexible or residents want to play pickup games, several area parks have tennis, basketball and sand volleyball courts, along with baseball fields, available on a first come, first serve basis.
   
 The City of Jacksonville operates 17 parks and Onslow County has another seven stretching from Steed Park in Richlands to Stump Sound Park in Sneads Ferry.
   
 Family events can also be held outdoors at the pavilions and shelter houses at several area parks, and Onslow Pines features the county's first Gaga Ball pit, McCray said. The quickly growing game is played with a soft foam ball, which players strike with a fist trying to hit others to get them out.
   
 "We've never had one and I talked to the maintenance guys … They think it was a great idea," McCray said. "And we're looking to build more as well because again, we want to get people active."
   
 Walking, running and hiking trails
   
 Many of the parks also feature trails, including 17 miles operated by the City of Jacksonville alone. The county adds its own trails and two bicycle routes.
   
 One of the most popular trails is the 1.2 mile loop at the Jacksonville Commons Recreation Complex, Baptist said.
   
 "We have a lot of people of all sorts of ages, that come out here to the Commons to walk," Baptist said. "Walking is one of the best things you can do for physical and mental well being … It's nice because you have a trail, you have other scenery and you're not on a road."
   
 While getting outdoors, volunteer opportunities are available through the Adopt-A-Program through the city of Jacksonville. Groups can choose to adopt a park, stream, street or trail, which they will then clean at least four times a year for four years, according to the city's website.
   
 Getting on the water
   
 In addition to land trails, the county offers two paddle trails following the White Oak river and New River along with many other places to access the water throughout Onslow.
   
 Onslow County sits against the ocean with beach access on Onslow Beach for Marine Corps families aboard Camp Lejeune and four access points at North Topsail Beach.
   
 Hammocks Beach State Park also offers access to the ocean, including a campground and passenger ferry or paddle access to Bear Island.
   
 Though Jacksonville isn't oceanfront, there's plenty of water access within the city, Baptist said. Boats, canoes, kayaks and paddleboards can launch from Northeast Creek Park, Jacksonville Landing and the newest marina set to open in March on Kerr Street.
   
 "People don't have to go very far for them to launch a kayak, a paddleboard or even a canoe. They can do that here in town and ease of access is key," Baptist said.
   
 All three locations also have piers for fishing.
   
 If locals don't have their own equipment, rental companies including Paddle NC are open for appointments through the winter and reopen for full service in March, according to the company's website. Paddle NC rents equipment in Swansboro, Hammocks Beach State Park and Topsail Beach.
   
 Pogie's stays open year-round and only halts rentals if weather makes getting on the water unsafe, said Dallas Thomas, manager of the shop on Front St. in Swansboro. The shop offers three kayak types -- basic, fishing and pedal.
   
 Fishing equipment is also available for rent, along with fishing trips by boat.
   
 "I like it for the solitude … It's good to be alone sometimes. Not everybody realizes that. It allows you to be at peace on the water and make your own adventure," he said. "You get to see the water a way you haven't seen it before."
   
 Experienced paddlers and fishers, or those who are getting on the water for the first time, can get everything they need at the store and rental shop, Thomas said. Throughout the summer Pogie's also hosts several free events.
   
 "No experience necessary. You can rent a kayak from us and go out on your own. We provide small maps with little kayak trails and destinations of the area. Or you can hire one of our guides for an eco tour," he said.
   
 For $10 an hour per person, including kayak rental, the guides will teach about the area, kayak techniques or nature.
   
 Surf City School and North Topsail Surf have daily surfing lessons for a more adventurous trip to the Atlantic Ocean. Both schools also host paddle board tours.
   
 For a more luxurious trip to the water, a retired military family in Jacksonville offers cruises ranging from two hours to overnight on their yacht. Bayonet Enterprises starts its season March 20.
   
 Events year round
   
 Other events throughout the year offer different ways to get outside than the average day at a park or the beach. The county hosts camping trips in April and September, including a fishing derby at the fall event; a car and bike show in the summer; and the Freedom Festival on the Fourth of July.
   
 Hammocks Beach State Park also hosts dozens of events throughout the year, most of which are free but require registration. Each month area residents can head to the park for a workshop on crafty ways to use items found on the beach and a dog-friendly, ranger-guided hike along one of the park's newly-developed hiking trails the first Sunday of each month.
   
 One of Jacksonville's biggest events is the upcoming Pet Parade on March 23, which first started last year. Baptist said she expects the number of pets to increase this year.
   
 "The value of being outside in nature and receiving that fresh air … and the calming effects that it has, it works for all kinds (of activity)," Baptist said. "The way you receive the benefits of the outdoors is different, but we have something for everyone.
   
 Average Americans spend more than 90% of their lives inside, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. But researchers have linked getting outdoors to improved memory, a stronger immune system and a reduced risk of depression and anxiety among dozens of other benefits.
   
 "For anyone who is looking to get outside, if they have any activities that they want … please send us an email," McCray said. "We just want to make sure that we offer something that people want to do."
   


--DocBreak--
New Mexico regulators give green light to solar project - Laredo Morning Times

