Earlier, Venezuela's chief prosecutor opened an investigation against opposition leader Juan Guaidó for allegedly plotting a coup with retired army Gen. Cliver Alcalá, who after being named in the U.S. indictments said he had stockpiled assault weapons in Colombia for a cross-border incursion. Without offering evidence, Maduro said the Drug Enforcement Administration was behind a plan by Alcalá to assassinate him and other political leaders.


--DocBreak--
You’re reading Electrek— experts who break news about Tesla, electric vehicles, and green energy, day after day. Be sure to check out our homepage for all the latest news, and follow Electrek on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn to stay in the loop. Don’t know where to start? Check out our YouTube channel for the latest reviews.


--DocBreak--
There was some discussion about possibly adding the bill to the COVID-19 Response Package passed on Wednesday by the legislature, and while it was not added, it’s still in the pipeline, he said.
 “House Bill 563 was not included in the legislative action taken up by the General Assembly yesterday. There were no floor amendments that were able to be offered,” Ghanbari said. “However, Dr. Acton has issued a memorandum this week, in conjunction with the house bill that I introduced and I believe the memorandum is a great first step in protecting our first responders.”
 The wide ranging COVID-19 Response Package bill was passed out of the Senate on Wednesday and then passed by the House, and has now been sent to Gov. Mike DeWine to sign into law. In passage from the Senate it was moved to the House for a concurrence vote. A concurrence vote does not allow for amendments, so the first responder bill was not added and continues to stand alone.
 Ghanbari was a co-sponsor of the COVID-19 Response Package and did vote for passage.
 “The complex package of legislation which the Ohio House and Senate passed today is a direct result of the pandemic and the challenges all Ohioans are facing,” he said. “We felt the COVID-19 Response Package is important to confront the coronavirus head-on, so that we can position our state to come through this time stronger and more resilient than before the COVID-19 pandemic became a household term.”


--DocBreak--
"After Jerome Powell's recent choice of words with regard to the Federal Reserve's still well-stocked arsenal, the USD may become increasingly unattractive for the time being" says Marc-Fongern, analyst at Fongern Global Forex. "These comments have clearly put a brake on the currency. The UK government's significantly more expansionary fiscal policy plus lower demand for the USD might alleviate the downward pressure on the GBP for now. Both central banks and governments are doing their best to provide reassurance."


--DocBreak--
"So I started the eight minute workouts to give people some inspiration to break up the day. Feedback has been incredible.
 "You've got to be creative and utilise what you have. Just keep active, keep fit and keep busy, keep some structure and keep it as close as possible to normal life.
 "I'm lucky I've got my pommel horse in the garden and the sun's been shining. Won't be much fun in the rain though."
 ITCHING TO RETURN
 Whitlock, a three-time world champion and four-time European champion, says he hopes his streamed classes can help keep the global gymnastics community connected in dark times.
 "Millions of kids are missing gym like mad, missing being with friends," he says. "So I thought it would be cool go into their homes with the YouTube live sessions. I don't want this difficult time to ruin the buzz for the sport. I want to make them be itching to get back to the gyms when they are allowed."
 Ordinarily Whitlock would have been competing in the British trials for Tokyo 2020, but all events have been cancelled.
 Before the International Olympic Committee (IOC) postponed the Tokyo Games this week Whitlock was still geared for July and had come up with a novel plan to maintain the focus.
 "I was planning to live stream my Pommel Horse routines," he said. "I thought the Olympics were going ahead. So I thought the live stream would replicate a bit of the feeling of competing, with people watching, put pressure on me."
 He still plans to live stream his practices to compensate for the lack of competition.
 Initially "gutted" by the Tokyo postponement, he says it hit home to him how serious the situation had become.
 "The priority now is staying safe and protecting yourself and protecting others," he said. "Hopefully we can get back as quickly as possible."
 His biggest concern is that a year, in the life of a gymnast, is a long time.
 "Instead of 27 I will be 28 and that doesn't sound like a lot, but every year for the last three and a half years it's got tougher and tougher," he said. "Training is harder, recovery is harder. But my targets are still exactly the same."
 (Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis)


--DocBreak--
Israel's public diplomacy is a crisis within a crisis. The breakout of COVID-19 caught the entire establishment unprepared, understaffed and ill- equipped to communicate with clarity what is happening, what the population must do, what our elected leaders are doing to steer the country to safe and healthy shores.
 The nature of communicating in our hyper-connected world is central to keeping people up to speed. In a crisis, people look to their leaders for the answers. In recent weeks, the government, experienced in fast-paced, attention-grabbing emergencies, is finding it impossible to deliver a clear, concise, and coherent message of assurance.
 What we have seen is senior officials in the Health Ministry use scare tactics to keep us at home. We've seen politicians from the prime minister, health minister, defense minister, and finance minister giving op-ed statements on live broadcasts, generally dodging questions.
 The communicating crisis in the COVID-19 pandemic appears to be in complete chaos. What is missing? Preparedness is critical for crisis communication. Preparedness places processes in place prior to the crisis. Preparedness determines who makes decisions when there is an internal conflict. Preparedness allocates resources for crisis management. Preparedness is necessary to mitigate the element of surprise. The Health and Finance ministries have clearly never agreed on how to manage a health crisis and its economic consequences.
 Israel, despite all of its battle experience, from wars to the Mount Carmel Forest Fire, was clearly unprepared.
 The National Information Directorate in the Prime Minister's Office, established in the aftermath of the Second Lebanon War, is the national instrument for coordinating communications and getting everybody on the same page. Over the last year, the directorate's leadership has retired or left, and the leadership void is the price of the communication chaos we are experiencing.
 This directorate operated at its finest during the Gaza war of 2014. With daily conference calls, coordinated messaging, tasking government bodies like the Foreign Ministry, IDF, and Government Press Office with media operations, and sharing information to iron out the differences.
 The official information flow to the public must be managed and delivered by a spokesperson with gravitas, trust and reliability. We don't need sporadic, unprofessional speakers, uncoordinated ministers, politicians, and civil servants that all have different interests, political aspirations and concerns of what happens to their career once COVID-19 passes.
 The spokesperson, according to studies preferably a spokeswoman, must have professional credibility and can convey a tone of human compassion. Do we need more hyperbole delivered by old men in suits?
 The designated spokesperson must provide clarity in times of uncertainty, not more medical, and financial uncertainty. We want to know how to act and how our leaders are making and are going to make sure we aren't dragged into poverty because of the necessary steps.
 The concerted effort must work simultaneously on multiple media fronts, according to an operational, news cycle-based timetable. The means and methods of message delivery are vast and include press releases, white papers, background briefings, interviews, conference calls and an extensive social media campaign.
 The unfolding events drive the news cycle, and they must be managed. Delivery of bad news is always difficult but must be conveyed by people, not apps. For example, the fifth victim of the virus was just another number on the Health Ministry's morning update.
 Social media is now the driver of breaking news. Institutional silence is not an option; if you don't participate extensively, you aren't putting obstacles in the way of rumors and fake news, you aren't giving any ammunition to your sympathizers. The virality of bad news is emotionally appealing, it is relatable, and it has dramatic visuals. If you aren't on the playing field, then you are irrelevant.
 Social media must be utilized to engage with the public. Not only as a distribution tool. Apps that send push notifications or gather information from our mobile phones do not reassure us that the people that are at the helm are in control.
 The media beast must always be fed. Otherwise, it hunts for the story, professional failures, and internal conflicts. This and talking heads is what we've experienced since the crisis commenced.
 Finally, the communication effort must continuously be monitored and evaluated to check that your messages are being received, to adjust your tone, to see who is the best communicator and who, under no circumstances, does the government need to communicate on its behalf.
 Now, we need a core message and media strategy on each professional level. A message that ultimately says we were prepared, we are in control, we have the tools, we are making adjustments to our plan, so that when this is finally over, we will be able to sing with pride "Am Yisrael Chai."
  _The writer, a lieutenant-colonel (res.), is the director-general of international relations of the Histadrut labor federation and a former IDF spokesperson._  


--DocBreak--
On Ronelle's Radar: Clouds hang tough, next storm chance tonight


--DocBreak--
Dopo il rugby anche il basket regionale si ferma definitivamente la stagione 2019-2020. Lo stop è arrivato nella tarda serata di giovedì 26 marzo con un comunicato inviato a tutte le...


--DocBreak--
The A1 and A1 Pro are rather small electric mopeds. That's par for the course with Xiaomi's past electric bike and e-moped launches. They seem to fit the female models just fine, while the male model appears to be a bit large for the bike, as seen in the photo below. But hey, maybe knee-steering is a feature, not a bug!


--DocBreak--
The U.S. stock market has had an incredible three days of trade, correlating with some weakness across the board in the DXY.


--DocBreak--
This hawkishness contrasted with the ultra-dovishness of the Federal Reserve. U.K. retail sales missed across the board, but they were nothing compared to the data coming out of the U.S. where jobless claims hit an all-time high at 3.2 million.


--DocBreak--
“We’re sick and tired of the United States getting into the business of countries around the world without anyone paying any attention,” Montilla said.

