Sobran los motivos para establecer una banca íntegramente pública que sea gestionada por sus propios trabajadores y que expropie sin indemnización a los bancos privados que todos los días expropian a las mayorías. Además, es la única forma de proteger el ahorro nacional, particularmente del pequeño ahorrista, que en cada crisis es el que paga el pato de la boda, ya sea con “corralito” o con confiscaciones, como la que les practicó Carlos Menem con el Plan Bonex. Al mismo tiempo, una banca pública permitiría verdaderamente canalizar recursos para préstamos para la vivienda popular y para el pequeño comerciante quebrado por la crisis.


--DocBreak--
"I thought Bishop did some good things," Wade about Bishop. "We've always maintained he's a good player and somebody that can help us. We were searching for stuff against Florida. Bishop did a great job. He caused a couple turnovers defensively, he played very aggressive. It says a lot about the kid. We always tell our guys, 'Stay ready so you don't have to get ready.'"
 LSU has guards Cam Thomas, Eric Gaines and Jalen Cook all either signed or committed to the Tigers in 2020 who will all be competing for the minutes Bishop would've been going after. If Wade can convince sophomore Javonte Smart to come back for a third year, it will be an added bonus for a roster that will be pretty deep next season.
 "Certainly we feel like we're moving in the right direction. We're gonna have a very good team and a deep team, which is important," Wade told LSUCountry two weeks back. "We're certainly going to have a few more pieces next year and we're excited about that. That's what you want as a coach, to put the pieces to the puzzle together to make it look good. I think we will have a very, very good team next year and we're looking forward to that."


--DocBreak--
Esper insisted it was not unusual for the Navy to relieve commanders so quickly without first completing a full review into their actions. But he also declined to say what will happen to Crozier, citing the current ongoing investigation. Esper said he backed Modly's decision after also receiving advice from the chief of naval operations and Gen. Mark Milley, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
 ``It's just another example of how we hold leaders accountable for their actions," Esper said.
 He said over half of the ship had now been tested. About 155 sailors had tested positive for COVID-19, exhibiting “mild and moderate” symptoms with “no hospitalizations whatsoever.”
 For most people, the new coronavirus causes mild or moderate symptoms, such as fever and cough that clear up in two to three weeks. For some, especially older adults and people with existing health problems, it can cause more severe illness, including pneumonia, and death.
 Esper said not all the sailors will be evacuated because the ship has sensitive equipment and weapons on board, and a new commander will be arriving there soon to assess the crew's safety.
 The ouster has drawn fire from different quarters, including former military commanders.
 On Sunday, Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden called the Trump administration's handling of the case as “close to criminal.”
 “The idea that this man stood up and said what had to be said, got it out that his troops, his Navy personnel were in danger,” he said. “The guy should ... have a commendation rather than be fired.”
 Tweed Roosevelt, the great grandson of former President Theodore Roosevelt, called Crozier a “hero.”
 “In this era when so many seem to place expediency over honor, it is heartening that so many others are showing great courage, some even risking their lives. Theodore Roosevelt, in his time, chose the honorable course,” Tweed Roosevelt wrote in an op-ed Friday in The New York Times. “Captain Crozier has done the same.”
 Esper appeared on CNN’s “State of the Union” and ABC’s “This Week,” and Biden also was on ABC.

