“The right thing for us to do is to continue our stress tests, but as part of them, to analyze how banks’ portfolios are responding to real, current events, not just to the hypothetical event that we announced earlier this year,” he said.
 The Fed will then “use that analysis to inform determinations we make about the regulation and supervision of the financial sector,” he added.
 The CCAR test uses two scenarios: one dealing with normal economic conditions, the other based on severe stress to the financial system. For the 2020 test, the baseline scenario is based on year-end 2019 conditions, envisioning GDP growth of 1.75% and an unemployment rate of 3.25%. The latter scenario envisions a severe global recession highlighted by an 8.5% drop in GDP and 10% unemployment. Yet many observers have posited that the fallout from the pandemic could be even more severe.
 The Fed said in a statement last month that it would use this year’s stress tests to monitor how banks are withstanding the current shocks to the financial system, but did not announce any structural changes to CCAR in light of the present-day economic conditions.


--DocBreak--
Carolyn Martins-Reitz was an active member of her community in Kearny, New Jersey.
 In addition to her work as an advocate for people with Down syndrome and raising two children, Thomas Martins and Sharon Reitz, she was an active member of her church, St. Casimir's Church in the Ironbound section of Newark. She was president of the rosary society, Thomas and Sharon were altar servers, and Rudy was an usher. Carolyn also worked as a graphic designer for the Archdiocese of Newark.
 She had a lot on her plate but she always seemed to manage it all with a big smile on her face, said Joni Forte-Lewin, a close friend since childhood.  
 Forte-Lewin and Carolyn Martins-Reitz grew up like sisters after Carolyn moved across the street when they were both in elementary school. Thomas was Forte- Lewin's godson.
 "Everyone loved them," said Forte-Lewin, who has set up a Go Fund Me to help the family cover the mounting expenses. "Thomas was a big bright light just like his mother, they were just lovely, lovely people."
 "The hardest part is I can't get in my car and drive down to their house and give them a big hug and that's all I want to do, so I'm kind of bouncing off the walls here and the Go Fund Me has helped me to channel my energy," added Forte-Lewin. "More than anything, I want to see Rudy and Sharon get a clean slate so they can move forward without having to worry about anything. That's my main goal. I don't want to see them saddled with debt forever."
 Rudy Reitz and his daughter Sharon Reitz—who will be graduating from her mothers' alma mater, the School for the Visual Arts, in a matter of weeks—have also tested positive for COVID-19. But both are recovering well.  
 "For right now, I'm basically just picking up my emotional pieces and being with my daughter and bonding," said Reitz. "The light at the end of this is we have a tremendous amount of people who care about us: family, friends and our church community."


--DocBreak--
Behind the scenes of Bravo's new reality show set in CT, 'Camp Getaway'

