DI Malone made his first appearance in the village last month when investigating how Nate Robinson was shot at farm.
 After crossing paths with Cain, he came back with a vengeance by targeting Will over a gun he was hiding.
 Malone was then revealed to be Will's former boss when he worked for a shady criminal gang before going straight.


--DocBreak--
In The Pink Texas


--DocBreak--
As with Kreykes, Coyle said the online approach has some limitations, especially with his younger students. He’s encouraging parents to be present during lessons to help with more hands-on instruction such as tuning.
 Despite the challenges, he said, online lessons have provided a much-needed outlet for students stuck in their homes.
 “Having some kind of art in your life is really important,” Coyle said. “I’ve been gratified that we’ve been able to continue.”
 Hanna Cesario, a ukulele, piano and voice instructor who also teaches at Scheitel’s, said Coyle’s transition to Zoom inspired her to do the same.
 “I had never used Zoom before,” Cesario said. “It’s a lot different than teaching in person, but I’m finding a few benefits. It puts a little more emphasis on their individual development, to push them a little further to try to figure it out themselves.”
 The hardest part? Not being able to give her younger students candy and stickers for a job well done, she laughed.
 Like Rhapsody, Scheitel’s has also been turning to social media to connect with customers. Since the stay-at-home order went into effect, owner Rod Scheitel and a couple of his employees have been posting a weekly live video called Tuesday Tunes at Two. Scheitel suggested the idea to employees Lance Lang and Colin Scharf, who have been making videos once a week since the showroom closed.
 “The first one we did was a whirlwind tour of the store, going from guitars to mics and amps, to basses and drums,” Scharf said.
 Scheitel performed a rendition of Louis Armstrong’s “What a Wonderful World,” and another video featured a demonstration of different guitar effects pedals.
 Scheitel said posting those weekly videos has paid off at a time when the store itself is closed. One inquiry even came from a former Mankato resident now living in Alaska who was interested in possibly buying one of the guitars featured in a video.
 “He was watching it in real time from Anchorage and Facebooked my wife for more information on that guitar,” Scheitel said.
 Though business has inevitably slowed down and is open to customers by appointment only, there are still signs of life. The other day Scharf was in the store, and the phone continued to ring.
 “The biggest fear was going dark,” Scharf said. “At the end of the day, something is always better than nothing. We’re doing our best.”

