end functions for video ads moving left and right


--DocBreak--
Pritzker said Monday the state is contracting with the private firm Deloitte to get such services up and running, but the program is not anticipated to be “fully implemented” until the week of May 11.


--DocBreak--
How does COVID-19 affect on Carbon Nanotube market in upcoming year 2020-2029
 COVID-19 and its Impact on Carbon Paper Market Opportunity on Top Manufacturing Industries in 2020-2029


--DocBreak--
“This is no laughing matter and I don’t find any humor in it all,” said Prosecutor Leyton. “People are dying from this virus, the entire world has been turned upside down because of it, and our first responders do not need the added stress of being worried whether they are going to contract this virus while they are performing their duties.”


--DocBreak--
Rock bottom’: Two years’ jail for ex-NRL cheerleader | Gatton Star


--DocBreak--
Area animal welfare agencies, rescue groups and volunteers are making sure COVID-19 doesn't stop the adoption and rescue of animals in need of care.
   
 The Humane Society of Summit County found permanent homes for 70 animals -- about a third of shelter's available pets -- during a two-week period in mid- March "thanks to an outpouring of support from community members," Development DIrector Louise DiLullo said.
   
 Adoption fees at this time were reduced to $50 for adult dogs and $10 for adult cats in an effort to find homes for them as soon as possible.
   
 The humane society also set a foster program in place to care for animals off- site as state and national directives closed the facility's doors to volunteers.
   
 According to DiLullo, 70 pets are in temporary foster care, but the agency is seeking additional fosters to care for dogs over 60 pounds who need a home without any other pets or children.
   
 They also are in need of fosters for animals that are recovering from medical issues before they will be available for adoption. Veterinary care is provided to the animals at the humane society, and food and treats are provided to all pets in their foster care system.
   
 One candidate for medical foster is Cooper, a brown, floppy-eared 5- to 6-year-old neutered boxer/shepherd mix that according to Kristin Branagan, director of operations at HSSC, needs to "reCoop" from hind end injuries he sustained before coming to the facility.
   
 "Cooper is just on some medication and is just looking for a comfortable place to relax and rehabilitate and get him ready for a permanent replacement home," she said. "He is dog selective so he needs to go to a home with no other dogs in it."
   
 As the COVID-19 crisis lifts, the need for fostering will continue, Branagan said. "We're hoping that this (fostering) will maybe give some people the confidence to try this in their home and they will want to continue it as a family project into the future."
   
 Megan Bobula, a member of the board at the humane society, is fostering for the first time.
   
 "I'm home anyway so I might as well make good use of the time," she said. "The dog would rarely have to be alone because I'm pretty much holed up at the house. I figured it was the best timing ever to try dog fostering."
   
 Bobula was matched with Brulee, a 65-pound neutered male pit bull-terrier mix. Brulee is calm and gets along with Bobula's smaller 14-year-old dog Fiona that she adopted from the humane society in 2007. Since being in foster with Bobula for just over two weeks, Brulee's adoption status is on hold because his adoption is now pending.
   
 The agency currently needs fosters for 20 dogs and 15 cats that are either available for adoption or are in need of medical foster. People interested in fostering can email fostering@summithumane.org. Further fostering, adoption and donation information can be found at their website www.summithumane.org.
   
 Summit County Animal Control remains closed to the public and volunteers.
   
 County spokesman Greta Johnson said the facility isn't currently offering adoption by appointment because of staffing but may do so in the future.
   
 "Our animal control facility is still working with rescues, so there are only 19 dogs at our facility right now," Johnson said.
   
 Maggie's Mission Dog & Horse Rescue of Wadsworth ramped up fostering efforts by taking in 24 dogs from the county facility since March 1 and placing them into foster homes. Six of those dogs have been adopted.
   
 Rescue co-founder Maggie Muirden said they are still in need of more fosters.
   
 Food, supplies and vet care are provided to fosters by Maggie's Mission. Those interested in fostering, adopting or donating to Maggie's Mission can go to their website www.maggiesmissionrescue.org.
   
 Jaclyn Hale was inspired to foster for Maggie's Mission after reading an article about the need to foster during the COVID-19 crisis.
   
 "We have been thinking about getting another dog and now would be a good time to volunteer," said Hale, who has been laid off because of the stay-at-home order.
   
 Hale was paired with Annie, a 5-year-old Jack Russell terrier/cattle dog mix who was found as a stray and taken to the county facility.
   
 Several of Maggie's Mission fosters are being assisting with exercising the dogs by volunteers from RunningDog. The local volunteer organization, founded five years ago by its executive director Beverly Dillon, also works with dogs at several area shelters.
   
 "It keeps dogs physically active and emotionally balanced the longer they are there," Dillon said. "The dogs are not only tired out but they are more clear minded. They are able to release their energy and they have less stress."
   
 The COVID-19 crisis, however, has forced the group to temporarily cease its activity with the county shelter and One of a Kind. The volunteers are now only participating in single social distancing runs with foster dogs.
   
 For more information, go to www.runningdog.org.
   
 Paws & Prayers Pet Rescue in Cuyahoga Falls is offering adoptions by appointment. They are practicing social distancing and are requesting potential adopters wear masks while talking with adoption counselors.
   
 Jamie Ternes, vice president of the rescue, is concerned that they may see an influx of returned animals after adopters return to work. Adoption counselors are stressing the commitment of pet ownership with potential adopters.
   
 Maddie Horrigan, cat specialist and kennel attendant for Paws & Prayers, points out that it is kitten season. They are in need of kitten fosters and fosters of pregnant cats as well as mother cats with kittens.
   
 "People are finding them left and right," said Horrigan. "We're being asked a lot but we can't take them in if we don't have anyone to help."
   
 Training will be provided for attending to pregnant cats and for bottle feeding kittens. Go to www.pawsandprayers.org for more information on fostering, adopting and donations.
   
 One of a Kind Pet Rescue in Akron also needs fosters for pregnant cats and dogs, Executive Director Kamelia Fisher said.
   
 The rescue is open to the public by appointment only for adoptions. The clinic is only open for emergencies for animals in the care of One of a Kind Pets.
   
 Anyone wishing to adopt, foster or donate to One of a Kind Pet Rescue go to www.oneofakindpets.com.


--DocBreak--
Yet this reset does not have to be a bad thing for Africa if it learns to own its problems and be their solution.


--DocBreak--
Instead, donor funding helps to keep many African leaders in power when there’s little, if any, accountability. Their lack of funding for democracy ensures that systems of accountability and delivery – governance – is weak. Poor domestic leadership is essentially let off the hook while outside powers scrabble for influence with Africa’s big men.


--DocBreak--
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.


--DocBreak--
The painting, supply and maintenance business returns to work within Spanish facilities. France to follow suit soon…


--DocBreak--
Ada County has temporarily stopped sending out absentee ballots for two legislative districts, after errors were discovered on the ballots for Districts 16 and 17. The county announced tonight that 2,159 voters received the ballots that had the errors; new ballots will be issued to all of them. “We regret the impact that this has on the candidates in these races and any confusion that this has caused for voters,” county Clerk Phil McGrane said in a new release this evening. “We are acting quickly to remedy the mistake. In a primary election like this, we have 717 unique ballot types and we have been working around the clock to shift our operations to accommodate the changes in this unique all mail election. We appreciate the community’s patience with the process.”
 The errors were that Nancy Harris, a Democratic candidate who had withdrawn from the race for a District 16 seat, still appeared on the ballot; and in District 17, the names of both Democratic incumbent Rep. Sue Chew and GOP challenger Anthony Dephue appeared on the Democratic ballot, while the Republican ballot for that race showed no candidates.


--DocBreak--
functions for moving video ads to left and right


--DocBreak--
Funny as the act was, barangay captain Anthony Camacam hoped that this sent a strong statement to those who plan to follow suit.


--DocBreak--
Rock bottom’: Two years’ jail for ex-NRL cheerleader | News Mail

