“Green light! Ants!” Spain’s kids get freedom from lockdown


--DocBreak--
ELON -- The photos and videos that Elon director of sports performance Nick DiMarco pulls up of his athletes these days don't resemble the stock images that largely have come to be associated with offseason training in the college football world.
   
 No dudes pumping barbells packed with piles of weights in state-of-the-art facilities, or guys sprinting across pristine practice fields while harnessed to specially designed sleds for resistance.
   
 Instead, there's quarterback Davis Cheek working out with a tire fished from the garage of his home near Charlotte. And there's running back Jaylan Thomas, wearing a backpack loaded with stuff and carrying a tote-type portable storage container, as he performs squats and lunges in his yard in Georgia.
   
 The coronavirus outbreak has emptied school campuses and shut down sports, distancing the Elon football team like so many others separated from their programs across the country, and forcing the Phoenix to prepare remotely for the season ahead that's marked by uncertainty.
   
 Amid these unprecedented times and uncharted challenges, Elon coach Tony Trisciani, the Phoenix players and DiMarco's sports performance staff -- commonly referred to as strength and conditioning coaches -- have found do-it- yourself creativity in an effort to make do with the limited materials available for at-home training.
   
 It's about trying to make the best of a suboptimal situation.
   
 "I would say 90-plus percent of our guys have zero access to weight equipment, and that's the norm," DiMarco said. "Because in most states right now gyms are shut down, high schools are shut down. Unless you have a barbell and some weights lying around, it's probably not the perfect situation for you.
   
 "Is there some equipment that we wish we had? Absolutely. But I do think that we can manage with just about anything if you've got willing and able athletes, and it's been fun to see how the guys have responded really positively. Honestly, if you have a pair of tennis shoes and a street you can accomplish 75-80 percent of the biggest tasks needed for a college athlete."
   
 Speed always is Elon's top priority, DiMarco said, so his sports performance crew has furthered that focus for the personalized workout plans that have been provided to homebound players during the pandemic, while maintaining plenty of emphasis on a laundry list of aspects such as jumping, mobility, nutrition, sleep, recovery and so forth.
   
 Elon held five of its 15 allotted spring football practices before the coronavirus spread brought its wave of cancellations, and under ordinary circumstances the Phoenix presently would be engaged in a phase of weightlifting and conditioning with spring semester classes drawing to a close.
   
 Now, adapting and adjusting have become necessary elements in what DiMarco calls the reverse engineering of Elon's training methods, a working backward from the game of football by way of specific movements that center on certain fundamental questions.
   
 What do we have at our disposal? How do we use it?
   
 "Nick's been really good about sharing different programs for different kids who have different resources," Trisciani said. "Some kids have to use a book bag with heavy stuff in it, use chairs and stairs and things that are common around the house, while some other kids have some dumbbells or bench sets. Some have resistance bands that they can use.
   
 "Some are in warmer climates where they can get outside and move around more. Some are in some colder climates where they can't. So we've got a mix of everything. But Nick's been doing a good job of staying connected with those guys. That's been a big piece of it."
   
 ●●●●●
   
 Nutrition can be a year-round struggle for college athletes, DiMarco said, from the standpoint of understanding the right food to consume and getting enough of it.
   
 The factors in the mix there have multiplied now, with Elon football players no longer eating off their on-campus meal plans. Some have had family members lose jobs due to the pandemic, and they've taken up working gigs in construction, landscaping, home improvement warehouses and grocery stores to help contribute.
   
 So in addition to the instructional videos and motivational content that DiMarco's staff puts on the Elon sports performance social media platforms, healthy recipes are part of those posts. Ingredients and step-by-step directions for pancakes, chipotle chicken with rice and broccoli, and turkey breakfast sandwiches are among the most recent offerings.
   
 "We have some kids at home with refrigerators that are packed with food," Trisciani said, "and we have others who aren't. Giving the kids fresh ideas and different things they can do is good."
   
 Variety hasn't been lacking in the workouts.
   
 While kicker Skyler Davis has a garage gym setup with weights at his Georgia home and several players are able to use the weight rooms at their high schools, DiMarco said "very few" others on the Elon team have that kind of equipment handy -- a line of demarcation where the homemade innovation has kicked in.
   
 Cheek, the veteran approaching his fourth season as Elon's starting quarterback, cranking out lifts with the spare tire. The shifty Thomas, who has produced more than 1,100 rushing yards through his two first seasons at Elon, squeezing off squats and lunges that hauled extra cargo in the form of the backpack and tote.
   
 A rowing routine during which a player places one foot on the middle of a towel and pulls up on each end of the towel is an example of the various isometric exercises that can substitute for weight room equipment.
   
 Defensive lineman Torrence Williams, the former Williams High School standout, has made the quick commute to the turf practice field at Elon for speed and agility drills. Defensive back Charles Hartsock transformed picnic table seating into his own outdoor bench press.
   
 DiMarco conducts phone calls regularly with the Phoenix players. He hasn't asked to receive photographic or video evidence of their training ingenuity around the house, but it keeps arriving.
   
 "I like to think we have pretty good relationships with the guys, and they get excited about coming up with new ways to do it," DiMarco said. "They have so many things being thrown at them -- honing in on their academics, getting used to the online schedule -- and I think they're handling it really well."
   
 Where some perhaps might be inclined to view marathon running sessions and thousands of pushups as the blueprint for at-home workouts, DiMarco said Elon's extensive sprinting and jumping regimen that highlights high-force movements can bridge the weightlifting gap until the team reconvenes.
   
 "Force is mass times acceleration," DiMarco said. "If we can get faster athletes and if they can keep on their body mass during this time, they're going to be higher-force athletes no matter what. Obviously strength is a great factor, but it's just one slice of the pie. So for us speed, mobility, conditioning, nutrition, recovery, all of those things can really stay at the highest end possible. We're taking a hit in one small area, but to us that's something we can make up when we come back.
   
 "I think we can still be making progress if our guys are getting faster, and if they come back in shape. And I think all things being equal right now, the schools that have more resources around the country, it's kind of leveling the playing field. Because the guys that have better habits and make better decisions during this time away from their coaches and away from their peers are going to have a clear advantage when we come back."


--DocBreak--
A workplace injury in 2016 left Deeragun man Kevin Skinner with chronic pain and reliant on opiates, but 12 months ago he was given the green light for a medicinal marijuana trial.


--DocBreak--
TWO months after the death of Love Island UK host Caroline Flack, the franchise has been linked to a troubling case on the Aussie version.


--DocBreak--
Rosa Hoff said we are unlikely to see red rain, which Chinchilla experienced in January, Saturday the 11th, as the rain is forecast to fall ahead of the strong winds.


--DocBreak--
Columbus Blue Jackets counterpart Joonas Korpisalo doesn’t have that technology at his disposal during the coronavirus pandemic, so a wall has had to do the trick.


--DocBreak--
Potential impact of coronavirus outbreak on Paper Making Machines Market Growth Opportunities, Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Geographic Segmentation & Competitive Landscape Report to 2051


--DocBreak--
X-Backend-State: Backend up and running


--DocBreak--
Home Loan Experts' managing director Otto Dargan said the "doomsday spending" by Australians during the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in prospective borrowers having to spill the beans on exactly what they are spending their money on.


--DocBreak--
FILE - In this Feb. 10, 2020, file photo, Columbus Blue Jackets goalie Elvis Merzlikins, of Latvia, makes a stop against the Tampa Bay Lightning during an NHL hockey game in Columbus, Ohio. The Blue Jackets have signed rookie goaltender Merzlikins to a two-year contract worth a reported $8 million. The 26-year-old Latvian became a fan favorite while successfully filling in for an injured Joonas Korpisalo in the second half of the season. (AP Photo/Paul Vernon, File)


--DocBreak--
49ers fill needs, Packers fall short on draft weekend


--DocBreak--
In den 90er-Jahren war George Clooney zunächst einmal aus der Krankenhausserie "Emergency Room" bekannt, ehe er auch auf der großen Leinwand so richtig durchstartete – und "Out of Sight" trug maßgeblich dazu bei. In der kultigen Krimikomödie entführt er als Bankräuber Jennifer Lopez, die damals ebenfalls durch den Film sehr viel mehr Aufmerksamkeit bekam.


--DocBreak--
The valuation that each company holds, in tandem with the description as well as substantial specifications of the manufactured products have been enumerated in the study as well.


--DocBreak--
Some Lafayette Parish stores closed due to coronavirus may be back in business by Friday


--DocBreak--
PITTSBURGH - The Pittsburgh Steelers love to pick younger players. A little more raw material. A little less tread on the tires. In this year's draft, not so much.
   
 While general manager Kevin Colbert stressed it was coincidental that the Steelers used five of their six picks on seniors, if there ever was a spring to tilt toward prospects with an extra year of seasoning, this might be it.
   
 Neither Colbert nor head coach Mike Tomlin -- or the rest of the NFL for that matter -- knows how things will shake out over the next few months, with the U.S. among the hardest-hit countries in the global coronavirus pandemic. Adjusting from college to the pros can be difficult during a normal offseason. And there is nothing normal about this one.
   
 Still, Colbert insisted the decision to take wide receiver Chase Claypool, linebacker Alex Highsmith, offensive lineman Kevin Dotson, safety Antoine Brooks and defensive tackle Carlos Davis -- all of whom are on pace to graduate by the end of the summer -- was based on their potential, not necessarily their experience.
   
 "It's just the way it broke for us this year," Colbert said Saturday. "We're very comfortable with that. We always try to catch them younger because they're a little fresher. The senior usually comes in at a different maturity level because he finished school or he's close to finishing school. ... We had no plan to do that."
   
 Maybe, but it could have its ancillary benefits as the Steelers prepare for the NFL's first-ever "virtual" offseason. The team has no clue when it will have a chance to bring its draft picks, rookie free agents and other first- year players in for a closer look. It's not something Colbert or Tomlin feel will become an issue with the group Pittsburgh has added to a team that has missed the playoffs the past two seasons.
   
 "It's going to be challenging, but you know my mentality," Tomlin said. "It's going to be challenging for everyone globally. From that standpoint it's fair."
   
 O CANADA
   
 Claypool, selected 49th overall out of Notre Dame, provides Ben Roethlisberger the kind of big red-zone target at wide receiver the team has lacked since Martavis Bryant's rocky tenure ended after the 2017 season. He comes with size (6-foot-4 and 238 pounds), speed (a 4.42 time in the 40-yard dash) and a tenacity born from having to prove to his Fighting Irish teammates that kids from Canada can play.
   
 "Not a lot of guys give that respect right off the bat as you can imagine," said Claypool, who is from Abbotsford, British Columbia. "So, the respect was kind of earned for me, and that was through tough, physical play and just being competitive."
   
 LET'S GET PHYSICAL
   
 Claypool isn't the only draft pick who attracted the Steelers because of his willingness to mix it up.
   
 "Physicality is a brand of ball that we want to play regardless of position," Tomlin said. "We believe it's an asset to victory for us."
   
 Highsmith morphed from walk-on to havoc-wreaking defensive end at Charlotte. Running back Anthony McFarland Jr. -- the lone underclassman -- played most of his redshirt sophomore season at Maryland on a sprained ankle that limited his effectiveness. Dotson, who played guard at Louisiana, is so confident he would tell opponents the play call in an attempt to demoralize them.
   
 "If I tell you the play and you still can't stop it, it hurts you way more," the 6-4, 310-pound Dotson said.
   
 Brooks was a two-way starter growing up in Maryland before a compound leg fracture and a broken wrist -- suffered on the same play in high school -- led him to contemplate stepping away from the game. He opted to go forward strictly as a safety and at 5-11 and 220 pounds will give defensive coordinator Keith Butler plenty of options.
   
 Davis, who played alongside twin brother Khalil at Nebraska, opened Tomlin's eyes by running a 4.79 40 at 313 pounds. The Steelers need somebody who can plug the middle at nose tackle after Javon Hargrave left in free agency, though Davis figures to be a bit of a project.
   
 Then again, Davis and the rest of Pittsburgh's incoming class could have a lot of time on their hands.
   
 MEAN MUGGING
   
 Dotson is fine if he has to wait a little while longer to get to Pittsburgh. At least it means he can put one of his old jobs -- as a bouncer -- in the rearview mirror.
   
 Asked if anyone ever actually challenged him when he asked them to leave, Dotson laughed.
   
 "I did a lot of preemptive type things," he said. "Just walking around the club, got to keep that mean look on your face just to keep people from doing stuff. I did everything so I didn't have to. I did a few times, but if you do it enough, people know not to do anything."


--DocBreak--
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has said he expected this to be the "last tranche" of funding. Behind the scenes, Mnuchin and other Treasury officials have also told banks they believe it will be enough money, sources familiar with the matter said. A Treasury spokesperson said Saturday that the total funding for the program is expected to cover 60 million workers, which is the department's estimate of the employment of small businesses.


--DocBreak--
Woman, baby injured in NC stabbing, police say; suspect on the run

