And I left it there. In my head. Where, in all honesty, it belonged.
 Two or three or 30 times a day I find myself not delivering lectures to my kids about how minor their problems are, relatively speaking.
 First, it’s a tactic I don’t love being on the receiving end of. If I have trusted you with a problem, I’m not comforted by you pointing out all the ways I’ve failed to consider how petty and small that problem is. That makes me feel scolded and reluctant to turn to you in the future for comfort. (I want my kids to always turn to me for comfort.)
 Second, it fails to account for the cumulative effect of stressors. A missing game on a regular ol’ Friday? Eh. A missing game when you’ve also lost the ability to go to school and see your friends and see your grandparents and run in the track season you waited all year for and start baseball in May and go on vacation with your dad in June? When e-learning is confusing and indefinite and you keep overhearing your parents talk about their friends who are sick and their jobs that feel shaky and the economy that feels doomed? Suddenly a missing game feels like the proverbial last straw.
 Third, I think there are better ways to introduce perspective during a pandemic.
 If your family, like mine, has been thus far spared the worst this pandemic is dishing out (we haven’t lost loved ones; we can still pay our bills), it’s tempting to use that good fortune as a cudgel to obliterate our kids’ complaints. ( _“Really? You’re worried about Lollapalooza when people are dying? Do you know how lucky you are right now?”_ )
 Advertisement


--DocBreak--
Still, Elizabeth knows the layoff may have been a blessing in disguise. "My husband says they did me a favor because slowly turning things down to a trickle would have been financially painful," she says. "And it would have been demeaning in a way, I guess. Maybe it's best they just ripped the bandage off."
 ##  Take action
 Gwynne Wilcox, a partner at Levy Ratner in New York, specializes in labor law. Wilcox says employees who lost their job due to the COVID-19 virus should take some time to collect themselves and acknowledge the severity and commonality of the current situation. "The key is to remain calm; you are not the only person who is in this position," says Wilcox. "There are resources to help you not only get through the immediate financial need but also help you find a new job.


--DocBreak--
Now that these franchises have hitched their fortunes to these young signal callers, we wanted to step onto the field and offer our real estate playbook.
 So where should Burrow and Tagovailoa buy? We huddled up and chose criteria. For both cities, we focused on newer homes that won't require a ton of maintenance and are relatively close to the team's training facilities. We also kept within a “modest” price range for athletes. Hey, there’s always room to upgrade to a true baller spread when a glorious second contract comes to fruition.


--DocBreak--
He was sentenced to three-and-a-half years' jail and will spend at least another three months behind bars.

