Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!


--DocBreak--
Rodgers was in the same situation when he was drafted by the Packers 15 years ago as Green Bay still had Brett Favre.
 Rodgers sat three seasons behind Favre before taking over as starter.
 It looks like the Packers are trying to repeat their once successful formula.
 Only time will tell if it pays off.
 Now we’ll look at what the Bengals did the rest of the draft.
 In the second round, the Bengals took Tee Higgins No. 33 overall.
 A great pick.
 Not the most pressing need.
 Linebacker and offensive line was the two biggest needs of the team, but a young receiver for Burrow to grow and develop with and he could take over the No. 1 role eventually, especially if A.J. Green can’t stay healthy.
 The Bengals passed on Josh Jones a big offensive lineman from Houston and Ezra Cleveland another offensive lineman from Boise State.
 Higgins was a great pick.
 In the third round, Cincinnati selected Logan Wilson.
 Wilson is a linebacker from Wyoming.
 Wilson will have a great chance to start at inside linebacker.
 Definitely a need filled, but Jones was still available and the Bengals passed on him once again.
 In the fourth round, the Bengals selected Akeem Davis-Gaither a linebacker from Appalachian State.
 Davis-Gaither will have a chance to start and play right away as well.
 He has plenty of speed and will play in space and has the ability to drop in coverage or rush the passer.
 He could play a linebacker/safety hybrid that is so popular in today’s game.
 Another great pick.
 In the fifth round, the Bengals drafted Khalid Kareem from Notre Dame. Kareem is a pass rusher and he will give the Bengals depth on the outside.
 Another solid pick.
 In the sixth round, the Bengals selected Hakeem Adeniji a guard from Kansas.
 The Bengals offensive line was a problem last season, but got better as the year progressed and should be even better this season with the addition of last year’s first round and No. 9 overall pick Jonah Williams. Williams didn’t play a down last season due to injury in the preseason.
 This pick was for depth, so it was solid, especially if Adeniji develops into a NFL caliber player.
 The final pick of the Bengals was Markus Bailey from Purdue. He was the third linebacker selected and will have a chance to make the team and play.
 He is another outside player who can play in space.
 Could be a late round steal.
 He was projected as a second round pick before suffering an ACL injury.
 So if he recovers, it could be a steal that late.
 The Bengals addressed needs at quarterback and linebacker. They added depth on the offensive and defensive line and gave Burrow a player that he can grow with.
 I like what the Bengals did in this draft.
 Cincinnati should be much improved this season.
 How improved?
 Only time will tell.
 A lot will have to do with how quickly Burrow adjusts to the NFL game.
 The Bengals have put a lot into building a solid team again.
 Much of it depends on how guys develop from the draft.
 There will be a lot of pressure on rookie quarterback Joe Burrow’s shoulders.
 Let’s see how he handles that pressure.


--DocBreak--
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.


--DocBreak--
Health care workers watch F-35 fighter jets fly overhead on Thursday, April 30, 2020, outside McKay-Dee Hospital. Hill Air Force Base deployed a flyover salute to honor health care workers across the state. The jets flew from the base down to St. George then up to Park City and Logan before …


--DocBreak--
end functions for video ads moving left and right


--DocBreak--
Sophie Wessex praises efforts of the WI during the coronavirus crisis and says they've proven 'women are the heart and soul of this beautiful country'


--DocBreak--
Another Asian market, India, also plans  _" significantly increasing"_ coking coal imports from Russia's Far Eastern ports. Vietnam has already tripled its purchases of Russian coal on the back of the commissioning of several new coal-fired power plants. Meanwhile, the US Energy Information Administration (EIA) expects Russia to overtake Indonesia as the leading thermal coal exporter within this decade.


--DocBreak--
Total Bellas: Nikki Bella creates 'vision board' for unemployed dancer boyfriend Artem Chigvintsev


--DocBreak--
functions for moving video ads to left and right


--DocBreak--
Transformers animated prequel in the works with Toy Story 4 director Josh Cooley


--DocBreak--
TE Connectivity is expanding its range of AMPMODU interconnection solutions with the introduction of 2 mm centreline board connectors. These new connectors occupy 38% less space than traditional 2,54 mm centreline products, while reliably and economically meeting the packaging and interconnection requirements of today’s miniature, sophisticated electronics.
 The products are designed for use across multiple industry segments where space constraints are of particular concern. Target applications include PLC and other I/O devices, servo drives, industrial automation and controls, industrial robotics, instrumentation and test equipment and building and home automation devices.
 The new 2 mm offerings will include breakaway headers and board-to-board receptacles, both supporting automated surface-mount, through-hole reflow (pin-in-paste) and traditional through-hole mount processes for ease of manufacturing.
 The 2 mm breakaway headers can be mounted onto boards with thicknesses of 1,6 mm and 2,4 mm, providing customers with a wide range of options for PCB assembly. Through-hole headers feature straight or right-angle posts with a mating post length of 4,0 mm and a lead length of 2,8 mm and several other lead lengths, depending on board thickness and soldering method. They are moulded in a flame retardant (UL94 V0) thermoplastic housing material that is resistant to reflow soldering temperatures and provides a high level of safety in harsh environments.
 The product offering includes single- and double-row variants and is available in bulk, tube and tape-and-reel packaging offering flexibility in manufacturing. Shrouded headers are under development and will come to market in the near future.
 The 2 mm board-to-board receptacles are housed in a high-temperature-resistant liquid crystal polymer (LCP) and utilise phosphor bronze contacts with dual cantilever beams that are available in three gold plating thicknesses. The dual-beam design provides for increased contact surface between the header pin and the receptacle contact to allow reliable signal transfers.
 The complete portfolio includes various top- and dual-entry vertical and horizontal receptacles that offer multiple options for board-to-board stacking of header and receptacle combinations.
 For more information contact TRX Electronics, +27 12 997 0509, info@trxe.com, www.trxe.com


--DocBreak--
Spider-Man star Tom Holland leaves fans in hysterics during live Marvel quiz after he accidentally gives away the answers on the back of his card


--DocBreak--
From a naked Princess Diana finding herself face to face with builders to Meghan Markle shouting at a member of Kate's staff: Book reveals dramas inside Kensington Palace


--DocBreak--
From a naked Princess Diana finding herself face to face with two builders to Meghan Markle shouting at a member of Kate Middleton's staff: New book reveals the dramas inside the walls of Kensington Palace


--DocBreak--
That was great.
 Not going to complain at all.
 I love what the Bengals did in the draft.
 We’ve got our franchise quarterback and the future is now.
 Now we start building to the playoffs.
 A playoff win and a possible Super Bowl sometime down the road.
 If that isn’t the goal, then why play?
 Why draft Burrow?
 The Bengals spent a lot of money in the offseason and look to be committed to building a roster and franchise that can compete.
 Can they compete this season?
 Time will tell, but I do think they will be greatly improved from last season’s two wins.
 OK, back to the NFL Draft.
 Peyton Manning gave some intro and some fans probably loved it, I am not one of those people. I have a strong dislike, well a hatred for Peyton Manning. I can’t stand Tennessee football and he is a large part of that.
 After Manning finally quit talking in the opening it still took a while to get to the draft, but Joe Burrow was the first name to be called and as a Bengal fan, the draft was a success right there.
 Love his interview about joining the team and his family was one of the few who look like they adhered to the social distancing standards of today as other players had a litany of people in the household.
 With the virtual draft, Roger Goodell is still unlikeable, but less unlikeable than usual.
 He tried to engage with the players and fans virtually, but he seemed like a robot.
 After Burrow, Chase Young went second. No surprise there.
 Detroit followed by drafting Jeff Okudah. Detroit had been rumored as trying to trade the third pick, but they kept it and that made another Ohio State player off the board.
 Including Burrow, the first three picks of the draft all played at Ohio State in their college career. Burrow transferred to LSU after his sophomore season.
 The fourth pick was a bit of a surprise as the Giants took Georgia offensive tackle Andrew Thomas. Many draft experts had Thomas as the fourth best offensive lineman in the draft, but just like last season, New York took the player they wanted.
 The fifth pick is where a lot of draft experts had differing opinions.
 But Miami selected Tua Tugaviola as expected all along.
 Tua was dressed to the nines in his living room. Full suit and he was showing it off.
 Here are a few other first round highlights before looking at the Bengals full draft.
 Clemson linebacker Isaiah Simmons fell to the Arizona Cardinals at No. 8.
 At No. 12 Henry Ruggs III was the first wide receiver to get picked by Oakland. Jerry Jeudy and CeeDee Lamb were ranked by many to be the No. 1 and No. 2 receivers in the draft, but Ruggs was the quickest of all three and in the NFL, speed kills.
 At No. 14, Javon Kinlaw was picked by San Francisco.
 Why is this of note?
 His dad sitting on the couch dived out of his seat and did a roll on the floor after his son’s name was called. Maybe the best reaction of the whole draft.
 CeeDee Lamb fell to the Dallas Cowboys at No. 17.
 He has fast hands as the cameras picked up him snatching his cell phone out of the clutches of his girlfriend’s hands.
 Maybe the most talked about pick of the first round besides Burrow or Tua, was another quarterback Jordan Love. Green Bay took Love at No. 26 overall.
 Nobody saw that coming.
 Especially Aaron Rodgers.
 The Packers need offensive weapons for Rodgers to throw to and every draft expert had them picking a receiver in the first round.
 But they traded up from 28 to No. 26 to take Love.


--DocBreak--
Acqua, farina e tradizione. Parte dalla collaborazione tra l’International Traditional Knowledge Institute, US Chapter (Itki US) e Fabriano Città Creativa Unesco di Crafts & Folk Art l’invito a tutti ...  


--DocBreak--
From a naked Princess Diana finding herself face to face with two builders to Meghan Markle shouting at a...


--DocBreak--
I've never been interested in drugs or alcohol': Penelope Cruz reveals she was not a party animal and only stays out late 'once every two years'


--DocBreak--
It's just scary': Kylie Jenner expresses her fears after learning someone 'close to home' tested positive for COVID-19 in new KUWTK teaser


--DocBreak--
The season opens a little off-tradition with a mixed-rep evening - a smart strategy, considering that the first performances fall in early September, at the height of Houston's hurricane threat season. That doesn't make it any less exciting: Along with the Forsythe premiere and artistic director Stanton Welch's funny "The Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra," the company revisits a gem it has not performed in a decade, George Balanchine's "Rubies."


--DocBreak--
Abigail Spencer is on the mend after breaking her wrist doing a back handspring for COVID-19 relief


--DocBreak--
Broncos in hot water for breaking coronavirus guidelines | Daily Mercury


--DocBreak--
Meghan under fire from Boris Johnson's father who says Duchess of Sussex was 'in driving seat' for her and Harry's California move

