Greensboro police investigating after report of Walmart robbery, shot fired in business


--DocBreak--
That's the history, but how should we invest? First, comparative periods were dangerous, so we want to generally be conservative. Could we just get very defensive and sit tight? Sure, but as we've already seen, prices can be very volatile in these situations. My attitude is we can keep an eye on the market pillars of fundamentals, macro, sentiment, and technicals to see where we are and decide what to do. Done right, and with caution in mind, this should allow us to do better. With all the chaos, it's also relatively hard to know how we want to be positioned in a year. Will a defensive position still be merited? That seems impossible to know.


--DocBreak--
MIAMI, Fla. -- Carnival cruises could be back up and running as early as August, according to a news release from Carnival Cruise Line.


--DocBreak--
AFTER more than 55 years of knocking on doors each May, The Salvation Army is taking the Red Shield Appeal digital in response to COVID-19’s impact on social contact.
 The Salvos are asking locals to become digital fundraisers by going to digitaldoorknock.salvationarmy.org.au and using a suburb or postcode to find their nearest Red Shield Appeal to help those doing it tough.
 The money raised from the Red Shield Appeal Digital Doorknock will stay in local communities in the Bowen, and Whitsunday region and help fund and support local families doing it tough.
 Australians are facing an economic and social crisis unlike anything witnessed in recent decades and The Salvation Army is preparing to provide hardship support on an unprecedented scale.
 The Salvos hope to enlist 10,000 virtual collectors to sign up and fundraise for the Red Shield Appeal Digital Doorknock on May 23 and 24 to help meet the challenging times ahead.
 “We anticipate seeing some of the greatest need that we’ve ever seen in our 140-year history serving Australians,” The Salvation Army’s North Queensland Area Officer Major Meaghan Gallagher said
 “The Covid-19 crisis has financially crippled many Australians and it will take months to see the real impact it will have.”
 The Salvation Army’s most recent annual report noted its social services provided more than one million sessions of care to Australians in need; helped 46,000 people experiencing homelessness, provided financial counselling to more than 65,000 and offered care to 13,000 people who were coping with family violence.
 The past year also saw an ongoing response to drought, while Salvation Army Emergency Services responded to the rolling bushfires crisis by providing more than 500,000 meals and refreshments to first responders and displaced people.
 “The Salvos are going digital this year and it’s easier than ever to volunteer your time and help raise money for those in need. We are asking our local community to partner with us to provide the critical care needed as we face these challenging times.
 “We know when the chips are down, Aussies come together and do what they can to give hope, this is no more important than now,” said Major Meaghan Gallagher.
 Sign up and volunteer to fundraise: digitaldoorknock.salvationarmy.org.au
 To leave no one in need, please donate at salvationarmy.org.au or call 13 SALVOS (13 72 58).
 0


--DocBreak--
In other ways, you can compare this to 2000, due to the top five names being such a huge portion of the market and growth stocks outperforming value by leaps and bounds. Goldman Sachs has noted this issue. In 2000, the top five stocks (MSFT, GE, CSCO, INTC, WMT) were at the highest aggregate level at least since 1990 at 18% of total market cap. Today, MSFT, AAPL, AMZN, GOOG, and FB represent 22% of market cap. Growth has also been outperforming value to an increasing degree, most obviously this year. Like then, this outperformance has helped make the overall market expensive vs. history. Goldman says that based on history, we need to see broader participation or risk a sharp decline. Either way, it seems unlikely that big tech stocks are the place to be going forward.

