Nikola Corp to go public at over $3.3 billion valuation


--DocBreak--
The authorities that would be renewed until December 2023 cover the FISA court's approval of warrants for obtaining business records, allow surveillance without establishing that a subject is acting on behalf of an extremist group - the "lone wolf" provision - and allow continued eavesdropping on a subject who has changed cellular telephone providers.


--DocBreak--
The state is allowing some counties with a low infection rate to give the greenlight to certain businesses to reopen more quickly than others. But gyms are not being allowed to reopen anywhere because they are considered a high- risk business due to people being indoors, sharing equipment and breathing hard as they exercise.


--DocBreak--
“We want a healthy quarterback competition. We want a balanced quarterback competition where we can give those guys the right reps needed. We just couldn’t do it right then in December.”
 The issue was only compounded by the cancelation of spring football due to the coronavirus outbreak. Gattis is pleased with how all three players have handled themselves in quarantine in regards to developing as leaders, but reps are needed.
 “We missed the timing, we missed the competitive reps, we missed the good on good, but we’ll pick back up,” Gattis said. “We’re going through something that everybody else is going through.”
 “There were a handful of teams in college football that were able to get spring practice in. Unfortunately, we weren’t. But we can’t control what we can’t control, we’ve just got to be ready to pick the pieces back up when we get the opportunity.”
 Gattis cautions against reading into last year’s pecking order, saying the 2019 depth chart is now “irrelevant” when it comes to this season’s quarterback competition. In his eyes, McCaffrey, Milton and McNamara were all even when the pandemic began, and now the Wolverines must wait for football to resume before the quarterback battle can begin in earnest.
 “I mean, we’ve got to get the reps, we’ve got to get the battle going to figure out who’s going to be our quarterback,” Gattis said. “It’s a really interesting battle. I think that all three can give us opportunities to win games. We’re just going to have to catch them up.
 “All three are doing great. All three are skyrocketing from a leadership standpoint. That’s what’s exciting. What else involves a quarterbacK? The DNA, the leadership, the mental aspects. Coach (Ben) McDaniels has done a really good job of developing those guys along in that area. We’re excited about where we are. We’re in no rush to make a decision. We’ll make the best decision to give our team the opportunity to win.”
 ___
 (c)2020 Detroit Free Press
 Visit the Detroit Free Press at www.freep.com
 Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.


--DocBreak--
It’s a big economic boost for Mackinaw City and St. Ignace, the tourism- oriented towns on either side of the bridge.
 Restaurants, souvenir shops, campgrounds and other businesses are packed on the weekend leading up to the walk, which dates to 1958, the year after the bridge opened to traffic.
 Members of the public voiced support and opposition to canceling the event during an online meeting of the bridge authority Wednesday.
 Toll revenues from motorist crossings have slumped in recent months, leaving less money available to cover the $300,000 in expenses that the walk generates, said Matt McLogan, the panel’s vice chairman and head of its finance committee.
 “The walk is a wonderful tradition, which I have consistently supported. But the MBA must hold the line on expenses wherever it can now because we don’t know when or if regular traffic volumes will resume,” McLogan said. “Pausing the walk for 2020 is the responsible course of action.”
 Gleason said he expects the walk to resume next year.


--DocBreak--
“You just want to feel wanted at the end of the day. ... I just hope to repay them with the way I carry myself as a person,” Dunbar said on the video conference.


--DocBreak--
"I make the best cherry cheesecake ever. I do it from scratch. No recipe, I got it down pat,” Ford told reporters on Monday.


--DocBreak--
In a Zoom call with local reporters Thursday, the Wolverines’ offensive coordinator said the program’s three scholarship quarterbacks (incoming freshman Dan Villari is not on campus yet) continue to battle it out for the starting job.
 “We’re in a three-man competition, coming into the spring, with Joe (Milton), Dylan (McCaffrey) and Cade (McNamara), and no one’s got a competitive advantage over anyone,” Gattis said. “We’re excited about the guys that we have on the roster. We’ve got to solve that question later down the road when we get the opportunity to.
 “But no one has a leg up, it’s not based on depth chart last year, it’s not based on skill set this year. Every guy is equal. Every guy is going to get the right opportunity to go out there and lead this team. When we have that answer is when they’ll know. But right now, we haven’t even come close to starting that battle yet, just missing the time.”
 Michigan graduated former starting quarterback Shea Patterson this offseason, after he started all 26 games the past two seasons following his transfer from Ole Miss.
 McCaffrey and Milton have the most experience. McCaffrey, a redshirt junior, replaced Patterson when the latter was injured in the 2018 season opener against Notre Dame and was No. 2 on the depth chart the past two seasons. In 2019, he completed 10 of 20 passes for 116 yards and one touchdown with 13 carries for 67 yards and one score.
 Milton, a redshirt sophomore, received playing time as the No. 2 quarterback in 2019 while McCaffrey missed time with a concussion. Milton completed 3 of 7 passes for 59 yards, one touchdown and one interception.
 A former four-star recruit, McNamara redshirted in his first season on campus and did not play.
 Gattis said he challenged the trio to begin preparing for the position battle as soon as the team returned from the Citrus Bowl in January. He told all three players to embrace the competition and to “show that you can lead this offense.” Gattis acknowledged none of the quarterbacks came close to receiving the amount of reps in 2019 needed to make any solid judgments.
 “It was a little bit unfair, because they’re still not taking the reps needed,” Gattis said. “They were still taking backup reps because we had to prepare. Shea was our starter. There were no ands, ifs or buts about it. And he was the best guy suited to give us the best opportunity to win on Saturdays.


--DocBreak--
Dyersville is about 200 miles west of Chicago. The Sox and Yankees were two of the favorite teams of one of the film’s characters, according to the news release that accompanied the game’s announcement. Some of the temporary ballpark’s features aim to pay homage to Comiskey Park.
 MLB branched out to unique settings for games in recent seasons. The Fort Bragg (N.C.) Game in 2016 featured the Braves and Marlins. The Royals played the Tigers last season in Omaha, Neb., home of the College World Series. The annual Little League Classic in Williamsport, Pa., began in 2017, with the Cubs playing the Pirates in it last season.
 Sox players quickly embraced the opportunity.
 “That’s pretty cool _ get to head out to Iowa and play right in the cornfields,” pitcher Lucas Giolito said Aug. 9.
 Hotel rooms in the surrounding areas were gobbled up quickly, even though tickets for the game had not been made available. The website beyondthegameiowa.com lists a series of events, from exhibits to musical acts to pickup baseball games, to keep fans occupied.
 Fox Sports, scheduled to televise the game nationally, ran commercials hyping the event during the World Series. And a crew arrived at Sox spring training camp in Glendale, Ariz., in early March to film more promotions, including shortstop Tim Anderson riding a tractor.
 A little more than a week later, MLB suspended the remainder of spring training and postponed the start of the season indefinitely because of the coronavirus pandemic.
 In the weeks that followed, MLB announced the cancellation of the Mexico Series between the Padres and Diamondbacks scheduled for April 18-19 in Mexico City, the Puerto Rico Series between the Mets and Marlins scheduled for April 28-30 in San Juan and the London Series between the Cubs and Cardinals on June 13-14.
 Time will tell what’s in store for a potential 2020 season and the “Field of Dreams Game.”


--DocBreak--
The man was transported to a trauma centre, where he was later pronounced dead.

