FIERAGRICOLA, L’ORTO SU MARTE E ALTRE START UP DI SETTORE CON ICE AGENZIA


--DocBreak--
Even if you have a hard time putting a proper definition with the word encouragement, we all know what it feels like to be encouraged, and what it feels like to encourage someone else.
 For several weeks now, my Sunday morning online youth Bible class has focused on the topic of encouragement. And as expected, I always feel better just minutes after class starts, even if it is taking place through the Zoom app on my cell phone or computer. The fact that I can see and hear from my students is a huge blessing to me, and I hope it is to them, too. Learning how to think outside the box to encourage others is one big blessing that has come from the culture we’re living in right now.
 We are encouraged in two ways: by what we do and what others do. We are finding out that it is just as important to be a giver as a receiver of encouragement even though some people are simply better at being an encourager. The fact is, the Holy Spirit has gifted some people with an extra measure of the ability to encourage. That is why you just feel encouraged when you are in the presence of people who possess this very special gift of being an encourager.


--DocBreak--
This, according to observers, brought India and Ghani on the same page in opposing the deal with Taliban. But the Trump administration is keen to see this deal succeeding and hence is willing to make all out efforts.  


--DocBreak--
The brick-and-mortar retail meltdown — ignited by Amazon and accelerated by the coronavirus outbreak —could leave shoppers in rural areas of South Carolina with one less choice in the clothing and housewares departments.
 A national chain with about a dozen small and moderately priced department stores across the Palmetto State's less-traveled byways has filed for bankruptcy and will shut down all of its 738 locations unless it can line up a buyer.
 Stage Stores Inc., the Texas-based parent of Goody's and a handful of other brands, sought protection from creditors last weekend after it was unable to secure new financing.
 The company was to reopen 557 of its temporarily closed retail outlets in 42 states last Friday and the rest by June 4. It's surely a bittersweet return to work for employees, who will be on the front lines of what Stage Stores described as "an orderly wind-down of operations" while management looks to reel in a new owner.
 The company said it would halt the liquidation "at certain locations if it receives a viable going-concern bid."
 The Goody's stores in South Carolina are concentrated mostly in small markets away from the coast, such as the Pee Dee region, and towns that include Newberry, Barnwell, Pickens and Varnville.
 The chain's owner was swimming against the retail tide before the pandemic arrived on U.S. shores. Within the last two years, Houston-based Stage Stores embarked on a turnaround plan that hinged on converting all of its brands, including Goody's, to a TJ Maxx-like off-price format called Gordmans.
 The early financial results were promising, newly appointed chief restructuring officer Elaine Crowley testified in a court document filed May 11.
 The virus outbreak upended the plan, she added, calling it "the proverbial 'nail in the coffin.'"
 Stage Stores was forced to temporarily idle its retail operations in March and furlough about 14,000 workers. The company, which doesn't sell merchandise online, also has stopped paying its landlords. The overdue rent for April and May totaled $31 million.
 "Combined with zero revenue and uncertainty associated with consumer demand in the coming months, Stage Stores, like so many others, is in the middle of a perfect storm," Crowley said.


--DocBreak--
Having foster care "siblings" around her is something Jodi Barnard, 46, said was second nature for her.

