The left-wing CNN has been one of the worst among the elite media's fake news offenders. CNN came under fire during the 2016 presidential election when it was revealed that the network leaked debate questions to Hillary Clinton via then-network contributor Donna Brazile.


--DocBreak--
Spurs: This is the first season since 1996-97 that San Antonio will have a losing record at the midway mark. The Spurs were 11-30 halfway through that season, which not coincidentally was also the last one in which they missed the playoffs. ... Excluding a preseason game between the clubs this past fall, San Antonio assistant Tim Duncan was part of a Spurs at Heat game for the first time since March 31, 2015.


--DocBreak--
The Potomac Valley Fire Co. at 2020 Dargan School Road will hold a pizza night Friday from 5 to 8 p.m. Buy a 16” pizza with any topping for $12. Eat in or carry out. BYOB. If the snow emergency plan is in effect, pizza night will be cancelled.
 Fire company to hold bingo
 The Community Volunteer Fire Co. Inc. of District 12 at 18002 Tilghmanton Road, Fairplay, will hold a bingo Monday night from 5 to 9 p.m. The cost is $25 per person for 20 games of 9 cards per game. Game payout is about $50 to $100, based on attendance. Light dinner items will be available for purchase. There will be early bird specials, tip jars, 50/50 and door prizes. Doors open at 5 p.m., games begin at 6:15. People under 18 may play bingo, but must be 18 or older to handle tips. For more information, call 301-582-0099.


--DocBreak--
“This information you shared below is something we were totally unaware of, and we apologize for this mistake,” Potts said. “This note should have never been sent. The PR agency we contract with to help with media relations sent this confidential note by mistake to The Brunswick News. Unfortunately, in this case, a communication error by that team led to this inaccurate message. We know this is upsetting, and we apologize for the confusion.”
 Despite the disappointment, city business leaders were encouraged by the quick way the entire downtown community embraced the opportunity to show their optimism in the city’s future — with or without the help of Small Business Revolution.
 Mathew Hill, the city’s downtown development director, said it was great experience, even if Brunswick didn’t make the cut.
 “It drew a lot of attention by people who don’t know downtown Brunswick,” he said. “It showed the community can work together for something.”
 Susan Bates, owner of Tipsy McSways restaurant in downtown Brunswick, said the chance to be on the TV show helped galvanize the business community.
 “It got everybody on the same page and let people express their love for downtown Brunswick” she said. “It gave us the opportunity to be proud of things. There’s momentum in downtown Brunswick with or without Small Business Revolution.”


--DocBreak--
Nights don't get much more meaningful than the one Truman High School senior Kaimen Lennox experienced Tuesday night.
 He was presented with a ceremonial game ball - to commemorate his recent 1,000th career point - and he followed that by scoring the final four points in a dramatic 62-60 Suburban Large Seven Conference win over Liberty.
 "This was a total team win," an appreciative Truman coach Rod Briggs said, "but in the end, we wanted the ball in Kaimen's hands and he came through for us."
 Lennox's teammate, Jeilel White, who created the commemorative ball that was signed by all his Truman teammates, took it a step further, adding, "Kaimen is stone cold. With the game on the line - like it was tonight - I don't want anyone touching the ball but Kaimen.
 "He's the best guard I've ever played with. Nothing bothers him. Did you see him hit those last two free throws? We knew they were in before he even shot them."
 Ironically, Lennox got out of his pregame routine when Briggs presented him the basketball commemorating his 1,000th career point, which he scored Jan. 8 in a 59-46 win over St. Joseph Central.
 "I have this pregame routine I go through and I got out of it a little bit when they presented me the ball," said Lennox, who scored nine of his game- high 21 points in the nail-biting fourth quarter comeback. "It took me a while to get into a rhythm in the game."
 But once he did, he showed the standing room only student section why he is a member of the 1,000-point club.
 With Truman leading 58-56 with 23 seconds left, Lennox took a deft pass from Cam Robins and drove to the basket to hit a layup, making it 60-56.
 He was then fouled and hit both free throws to give the Patriots (9-3, 3-1 Large Seven) an insurmountable lead as the Blue Jays made it close at the end on two free throws and a Javion Byers 3-pointer at the buzzer.
 "I know how far our program has come and that makes a win like this even more meaningful," Briggs said. "We needed to do a better job of getting the ball into Kaimen's hands at the end, but Cam and Jeilel each came up with big free throws that helped us win this game."
 Following the win, Lennox posed for photos with friends, teammates and family members and reflected on his big night.
 "I got to share a win with my teammates and the presentation with my mom and dad and family," Lennox said. "This is one of those nights you never forget."
 Macio Moananu added 14 points for the Patriots, Phillips finished with nine and Sam Billimon had eight.
 Grant Stubbs led the Blue Jays with 14 points.


--DocBreak--
Michael Lord, executive director of the Maryland State Ethics Commission, is heartened by the idea that Westminster is taking steps toward compliance. He said, “They know what they need to do, and we’re happy they’re looking at it.”
 The noncompliance issue traces back to a change in state law in 2010 that went into effect in October 2011. Municipalities, county governments and boards of education were all required to make their ethics requirements more stringent, in alignment with state law, according to previous _Times_ reporting.
 The ethics ordinance focuses primarily on issues such as financial disclosure, conflicts of interest and lobbying.
 Westminster has, in fact, been operating with an ethics ordinance — but it hasn’t met the state standard. The draft that Chiavacci and Pecoraro brought to the council this week would require more financial disclosures from the city’s elected officials and senior staff.
 Chiavacci described the situation as, “We put something together we thought was pretty good and they said it was still not in compliance.”
 Chiavacci and Pecoraro, when reached after the meeting, both said the city’s past resistance to changing their ordinance is related to disclosure of property and business interests outside of Westminster and Carroll County.
 “[Hypothetically,] does it really matter if we own some kind of property in Virginia or Southern Maryland and we’re running a municipality of 20,000 people up in Carroll County?” Chiavacci asked.
 Part of their motivation was not wanting to drive away people from seeking public office because they wouldn’t risk giving up competitive business or personal information in some areas, he said.
 Some smaller municipalities were able to get exceptions from all or part of the requirements. Westminster tried in 2012 to get an exception from some of the disclosure requirements, but the state commission denied that request.
 Westminster is not alone in resisting the disclosure requirements.
 Up until 2017, one county and four municipalities across the state were out of compliance with state law. Three are in Carroll County: Westminster, Mount Airy and Hampstead. The remaining municipality was Gaithersburg.
 Carroll County itself was the only of Maryland’s 24 counties or county equivalents (including Baltimore city) whose ordinance was not compliant, though the commission recognized what it considered some good-faith efforts in recent years to address the topic.
 In 2017, state ethics laws changed again, and municipalities, counties and school boards across the state became technically out of compliance and many are still working to get their own ethics regulations up to speed, Lord said.
 “Little by little, local jurisdictions are coming into compliance,” he said.
 Advertisement


--DocBreak--
This decision was taken at the recently-held Urban Development Department (UDD) meeting. According to High Court orders and the Karnataka Municipal Corporation rules, it is mandatory for cities and wards to have one, especially where the population is above 3 lakh. But the UDD has decided to extended it to all the cities. This will make it to a total of 279 urban local bodies in the state.


--DocBreak--
“I’m reaching out to get the ball rolling on coverage for The Brunswick News ahead of the announcement on Jan. 14,” Blanton said in the message. “This message is confidential, and will not be made public until January 14.”
 The News held on to the embargoed information without spilling the secret. But when the finalist were announced online at 6:45 a.m. Tuesday, Brunswick was not among the five finalists. Benica, Calif.; Fredonia, N.Y.; Livingston, Mont.; Spearfish, S.D. and The Dalles, Ore., were the cities selected.
 A crowd of more than 40 people gathered at Daddy Cate’s Coffee before the announcement, with lots of optimism the city would make the cut. Business leaders were so optimistic they planned to immediately post a link online to make it easy for people to find the site to cast their votes for Brunswick and to encourage people to vote daily to bolster the city’s chances.
 Business leaders were hoping Brunswick would win the vote and be featured in an eight-episode documentary, with the added bonus of earning a $500,000 award for brick and mortar work and in-kind marketing for individual businesses in the community.
 After the announcement Tuesday morning, The News contacted the public relations company that sent the email and got the following response from Mike Keliher, group account director for Fast Horse.
 “Sorry for the confusion this caused,” he wrote in his response. “Our team typically sends out embargoed information to media in each community in preparation for the Top 5 announcement. Unfortunately miscommunication between our team members ultimately led to Brunswick mistakenly being included on the Top 5 list when in fact that was not supposed to be the case. We sincerely apologize for the error.”
 After the announcement, several business leaders were shown the email. Donna Davis, a local businesswoman and one of the organizers to be featured on the TV show, contacted the producers for an explanation. She got a response from Cameron Potts, vice president of corporate communications for Deluxe Corporation, the TV show’s producers.


--DocBreak--
The Trump administration has capped the number of refugee admissions at 18,000 for the current fiscal year. About 30,000 refugees were resettled in the U.S. during the past fiscal year; between 150,000 and 200,000 remain in the pipeline for possible U.S. resettlement while they live abroad, according to plaintiffs' attorney Linda Evarts, of the International Refugee Assistance Project.


--DocBreak--
SILVER SPRING, Md. (AP) — A federal judge on Wednesday halted President Donald Trump's executive order that gave state and local officials the ability to shut the door on refugees, and ignited a fierce debate in communities about how welcoming the United States should be.


--DocBreak--
We hadn't had the new microwave that long when, all of a sudden, it decided it just didn't want to microwave anymore.
 "You had one job," I said to the microwave, chastising it after it failed to reheat some leftovers. "Is that really so hard?"
 Naturally, I had no idea what went into making a microwave microwave. I assumed it probably had something to do with the sun, since it used microwaves, and maybe also radio waves or ultraviolet rays, and therefore there was surely a solar panel installed somewhere, that made it work, as well as a transistor radio and sunscreen. Since I had no experience with microwaves or radio waves or UV waves (except that one time when I was seven and I got a really bad sunburn), I thought this was all well out of my limited range of appliance repair knowledge and decided to call in a professional.
 I looked online for a repairman in my area and chose Mike's Microwave repair because it had a number of good reviews and also, Mike and Microwave both begin with an M and I like alliteration. I had to wait two weeks for Mike to show up because apparently, there was a sudden epidemic of microwave deaths at the same time that mine pooped out. It was like some kind of microwave flu that must have been transmitted over the airwaves, or maybe the radio waves, I couldn't be certain.
 By the time Mike finally arrived I was beside myself. I was a child of the microwave generation and never realized that food could also be reheated in an actual oven, so for two weeks I ate cold leftovers and brooded about how difficult life was without a microwave.
 "I think it might be the fuse," said Mike when he finally arrived and did triage on my microwave. "It should be an easy fix, but there's a chance I might have to do open oven surgery. I need you to sign a release."
 "A release?" I said. "For what?"
 "Acknowledging that the appliance was not functioning when I arrived and nothing I did caused it to further malfunction."
 "Fine," I said and signed the form. "But before you do anything, you should try pointing the satellite dish in a different direction to see if that solves the problem, because not only is the microwave broken, but also, our TV isn't getting very good reception."
 He looked at me like I was one burner short of stovetop. "They have nothing to do with each other."
 "What?" I said.
 "Your microwave and your TV," he said. "Completely unrelated."
 "Got it," I said. "But could you check the TV when you're done with the microwave, anyway?"
 "I only do kitchen appliances," he said.
 "But the TV is in the kitchen," I replied. Then I recalled that the ad said, Mike's Microwaves, and not Mike's Microwaves and TVs, so I decided to let it go.
 I watched the one TV channel that worked well while Mike did surgery on the microwave. But when I decided to switch channels, all of a sudden, at the exact same time, the microwave whirred to life.
 "Hah!" I yelled. "I fixed the microwave!"
 "No, you didn't," said Mike. "I did. I put in a new fuse."
 "I'm not so sure, Mike." I said assuredly. "I was on CNN and when I switched to HGTV, the microwave started to work again."
 "I told you, they're not related," he argued.
 I shrugged. "If you want to believe that, that's fine," I said. "I don't want to make waves."
 You can follow Tracy on Twitter @TracyBeckerman and become a fan on Facebook at www.facebook.com/LostinSuburbiaFanPage.


--DocBreak--
Shifting the referendum from the primary ballot to the general election means the county doesn’t have to approve the SPLOST 2020 projects list this month, Browning said, and asked to table the list for the time being.
 “We’ve got some proving to do here, and I think this extra time could give us an opportunity to do that,” Coleman said.
 The rest of the commission agreed to push the SPLOST 2020 referendum back to the November general election. County Attorney Aaron Mumford said the commission will need to finalize a projects list by July to get it on the November ballot.
 In other business, the commission instructed Public Works Director Dave Austin to pay an engineering firm to draw up plans for a roundabout at the intersection of Frederica Road and Kings Way on St. Simons Island.
 Austin said the county has plans for improvements to the existing intersection — adding new turn lanes and improving traffic light sequencing — and is ready to start acquiring the necessary land and looking for a construction contractor to implement the improvements.
 However, the Sea Island Co. wishes to have a roundabout constructed at the intersection, Austin said, and is willing to move three trees that would otherwise be cut down and to handle the landscaping in the center of the roundabout “in perpetuity.”
 “They were very unhappy with this, and further down the road they suggested doing the roundabouts instead of the intersection improvement,” Murphy said. “It looked too commercial.”
 The commission looked at a few alternatives but ultimately settled on the first of three roundabout designs.
 Due to the intersection’s close proximity to the McKinnon St. Simons Island Airport, the center of the roundabout would be shifted to the southwest of the current intersection’s center, closer to The Lodge at Sea Island.
 Kings Way north of the intersection would curve to the west as it enters the roundabout, roughly following the adjacent Kings Lane.
 Rather than entering the roundabout, those turning right from Kings Way onto Frederica Road and left from Frederica to Kings Way would drive on dedicated turn lanes.
 Murphy also noted that Sea Island would be much more amenable in negotiations for the necessary rights of way if the county went along with its wishes. Most of the land to the immediate west of the intersection is owned by Sea Island, he said.
 “After many meetings and many discussions with different groups, I think the acceptability to Sea Island, the acquisition of right of way owned by them, their willingness to move these very large oak trees and really minimize the loss of trees but also to have an in-perpetuity management of the center of the roundabout with landscaping all make this, in my mind, the most reasonable alternative,” Murphy said.
 Based on the cost of the other two SPLOST 2016-funded roundabouts — one recently completed at East Beach Causeway and Ocean Boulevard and another at East Beach Causeway and Demere Road that’s in the planning and design phase — Austin estimated the Sea Island plan to cost anywhere from $2 million to $3 million, much more expensive than the roughly $750,000 estimated for the intersection improvements.
 He added that construction could start either immediately after Christmas or the RSM Classic golf tournament in 2021.
 Commissioner Allen Booker asked for clarification of the term “commercial” concerning the intersection.
 “This is a lot of asphalt, and it would probably we one of the largest intersections on the island,” Austin said.
 The commission gave Austin the go-ahead to get an engineering company to draw up designs. He said it would be tight, but that construction could begin by December.
 The commission’s next work session is scheduled for Feb. 18. The commission’s next regular meeting is at 6 p.m. Thursday in the Old Glynn County Courthouse, 701 G St. in Brunswick.


--DocBreak--
Regina at Seattle, 7:35 p.m.


--DocBreak--
When freshman phenom Jada Williams joined the Blue Springs Wildcats this season, it seemed like it was going to give an already solid team a boost.
 However, that boost didn't manifest itself early in the season when Blue Springs lost three of its first four games.
 Recently, however, the Wildcats have put things together. They pushed their winning streak to seven games behind a team-best 15 points from Williams in a 42-30 rout of host William Chrisman Tuesday night.
 "We have a lot of talent on our team, but at the end of the day, we're playing well as a team," Williams said. "I am really excited. Everyone is running the floor and playing good defense."
 It wasn't a flashy performance. It was a defensive-heavy game in which Blue Springs held the Bears (3-4) to to 25 percent shooting from the floor and helped force 13 turnovers. That's been the key to the Wildcats' recent success, Spigarelli said, as his team had held its last seven opponents to just 37.3 points per game.
 "They are putting things together on both ends of the floor," Wildcats coach Mark Spigarelli said. "They are definitely doing that on defense, and they are getting better on offense."
 Williams has been part of that improved defense. She's improved herself since the start of the season as she added two steals and helped limit Chrisman's guards to just 1-of-18 shooting.
 "She made a real quick jump," Spigarelli said of Williams. "Her first two or three games, I didn't think she was putting enough pressure on the ball. Now she's putting all kinds of pressure on the ball."
 And that was key against the Bears since they have had to rely more on their perimeter players to score after last year's leading scorer, sophomore center Jacque David, tore her ACL last month. Blue Springs held junior Gia Moore, who scored 26 points in Chrisman's last game against Oak Park, to 0-for-11 shooting.
 "We've done some things to try and showcase our perimeter play," Chrisman coach Scott Schaefer said. "We still have capable people inside, so we may need to go there more. We will form a new identity a little bit. It takes a bunch of people to be able to do it."
 It was a struggle on offense in the early going for both teams as they were tied 10-10 after the first period before Blue Springs (8-3) went into halftime up 20-16. The third quarter is when the Wildcats started to take control. They allowed just one basket, a layup from Chrisman senior forward Annie Nauer. Meanwhile Blue Springs scored all eight of its third-quarter points in the paint as it took a 28-18 lead into the final period.
 Chrisman came as close as seven points (30-23) after Moore lobbed a pass to Jennifer David, who finished inside and totaled 11 points on 4 of 6 shooting. Then senior guard Jayla Sample helped seal it for the Wildcats, scoring six of her 12 points in the fourth, keying an 8-0 run that gave her team its biggest lead at 38-23.
 "I wouldn't have had any good looks late if it wasn't for my teammates," Sample said. "They were getting me open and passing me the ball."
 Despite the loss, Schaefer was able to take away some positives, including the play of freshman forward Mele Taula. She scored a team-high 15 points and grabbed five boards.
 "She's had moments," Schaefer said. "(The Wildcats) put so much pressure on our perimeter and for us to still get the ball inside and for her to still do something with it is pretty impressive."


--DocBreak--
Everett at Seattle, 5:05 p.m.


--DocBreak--
While it was not included on the 2016 ballot itself, a new Glynn County Animal Control shelter at the county’s public safety complex was included in a list of projects on which county commissioners intended to use SPLOST 2016 funds.
 Animal control’s existing shelter is located on U.S. Highway 17 while the public safety complex is on the Ga. 25 Spur just north of Exit 38 of Interstate 95.
 Construction estimates came in well over $1.5 million, however, with some as high as $3.9 million.
 Since then, county manager Alan Ours said he’d gotten another estimate coming a little closer to the original budget — $3.2 million. Removing certain aspects and reducing the material costs brought the total down to $2.9 million.
 Ours said the county’s undesignated cash reserves sit at $16.8 million.
 “If you reduce that down to $15 million that would provide the additional revenue needed to build this at public safety,” Ours said.
 One of the items slated for removal was the air cooling system in the dog kennels. The main building, where cats would be kept, would have AC. The dog kennels would still have heating, but cooling would be achieved via a ventilation system.
 “In talking with the Georgia Department of Agriculture, we feel like we can meet the required regulations to keep the temperature in the kennel building under the 86 degrees if we have a commercial ventilation system put in,” said animal control manager Tiffani Hill.
 Most of the commissioners didn’t like the idea, however.
 “To me, $100,000 is a lot of money. But if we can keep these animals cool for that, then we should invest in that. I was looking for larger savings on that. And 86 degrees is still hot,” said Commissioner Allen Booker. “To me, that’s a non-starter.”
 Commissioner David O’Quinn noted that, in preliminary drawings, the ventilation system would be built in such a way that an AC system could be installed at a later date.
 “I might be more inclined to get the building built at public safety because we said we would. The fact that we build it in such a way that we can add it back at a later date, maybe we can add it during this process because we can go through the bid process and cut stuff,” O’Quinn said.
 Commissioner Wayne Neal said $100,000 was a lot of money, and costs needed to be cut where possible. Instead, he suggested asking local animal welfare groups to raise money for the air conditioner.
 “The Humane Society (of South Coastal Georgia) does it every year,” Commissioner Bob Coleman added.
 Coleman has supported building a new shelter from the get-go and said he could not support building it without AC in the kennels.
 Commissioner Bill Brunson then stated that they had yet to commit to building the shelter at public safety. Before Tuesday, the commission had also been considering building an addition onto the current shelter at Highway 17.
 Rather than putting it off any longer, Neal said the decision should be made then and there.
 While no formal was taken, commission Chairman Mike Browning asked the there were any objections to building a new shelter instead of expanding the old one.
 None objected.
 Despite some rumors, Browning said the commission had never intended to entirely drop the project. It just needed to make sure it had accurate costs estimates and weighed all its options, he said.
 “We’re going to move it forward and we’re going to build a brand new animal control shelter at the public safety area. We’re going to do that,” Browning said. “But the key thing was trying to get this number ... Seems to me there’s been an unwritten commitment by these commissioners that if we have to go find the money just to get something done right, they’re going to do it.”
 “As far as the money goes, we’ve got the money,” Coleman added. “It’s just a matter of where we’re going to spend it and if we’re going to use it in the best interest of the project that we’re doing. Postponing, postponing, postponing has gotten us in the position as we speak now.”
 Ours said he needed the commission’s “consent authorization” to put an engineering design contract for the shelter out to bid. Browning asked if the commission was in favor of doing so including air conditioning in the dog kennels, and all agreed.
 In light of the new commitment, Brunson suggested moving the SPLOST 2020 referendum from the May primary ballot to November to work on completing more SPLOST 2016 projects before putting it before the voters.
 Also, he said there were many questions about a planned $19 million-plus courthouse expansion project that the commission should get answered before putting SPLOST 2020 to a vote.
 “We still have a lot of moving parts as it relates to SPLOST 2016, the animal control facility not the least of them,” Brunson said. “I think we need to get down the road, that project needs to be shovel-ready at least by the time we take this to the voters again.
 “We’ve got roundabouts we talked about, we’ve got right of ways, we’ve got all sorts of things that just haven’t been completely nailed down, including an intersection at The Home Depot down there where we’re still in the process of securing right of ways and having to secure them from all over the daggum countryside. And of course, the elephant in the room in the courthouse.”
 In 2019, a county-appointed committee investigated claims by Glynn County Superior Court judges and court staff that the courthouse was not big enough for the courts and associated offices it contained.
 The committee found evidence to support the claims, but determined security to be a much larger problem than the initial space- related lconcerns.
 It recommended moving forward with a planned expansion that would allow all juvenile court facilities to move into the main courthouse building at 701 H St., provide more office and space for the Clerk of Superior Court and jury assembly, and include new security measures.
 The plans did not provide much detail, however, and most senior courthouse officers were unsure whether or not it would address their needs as they had not been consulted.
 Citing an article in Saturday’s edition of The News, Brunson said many questions remain about exactly what the courthouse needs in terms of electronic equipment and how new security measures will impact accessibility, among other things.
 “How do we deal with that? That’s a question that needs to be answered. And I think it can be answered, but I don’t think it can’t be answered in the next couple of weeks. And I think the public, particularly with the courthouse, needs to have a lot of answers and it needs to be vetted,” Brunson said.
 Coleman said there’s still no guarantee the public will approve SPLOST 2020 but that taking more time to answer the voters’ concerns would certainly improve its chances.
 Brunson said paying architecture and engineering firm Heery — which put together preliminary plans for the courthouse expansion — to come back to the courthouse and consult more closely with senior courthouse officials on what they need would be a good investment.


--DocBreak--
A man with four driving under the influence convictions within the past 10 years was charged with his fifth DUI on Tuesday night after a crash in West Ashley.

