A group of five entrepreneurs took advantage of what they learned in the “Technician in Business Administration” (TAE) course, from the Technological Institute of Costa Rica (TEC)


--DocBreak--
"I wouldn't see, necessarily, Asia jumping on board and embracing everything that's going on in Europe, as they're more advanced over here (on sustainability issues)."


--DocBreak--
“He ran all day and he used to be a midfielder so he was comfortable on the ball, he could defend, he was tough and he actually broke my nose in the quarter-finals against them. He had everything as a defender.”


--DocBreak--
Bear comes out of the woods and tries to 'carjack' parked sedan, owners film extraordinary moment [WATCH]


--DocBreak--
This year's Memorial Day will pay tribute not only to those who died on the battlefield but more recent fallen soldiers. And in a reminder of the way coronavirus has transformed American lives and traditions, many of the usual Memorial Day gatherings have been either canceled or curtailed — mindful of the pandemic that has already killed more than 90,000 people in the U.S.
 It's making the situation even more painful for the relatives of those veterans who have died from the virus.
 Robert Hopp was one of at least 79 residents of a veterans home in Paramus, New Jersey, to die from COVID-19, making the state-run facility one of the nation’s worst hot spots for the virus.
 He served two and a half tours during the Vietnam War and received a Purple Heart after he was hit with enemy fire while in a helicopter. Everyone else on board the chopper died, but Hopp managed to climb into the pilot’s seat and fly to safety.
 After being hospitalized recently for diabetic complications, his health deteriorated quickly and he died in April. He was 70 years old.
 His family is at a loss about how they will mark the occasion.
 “We couldn’t even have a funeral for him yet," said stepson J.J. Brania-Hopp. “There’s not really anything we can do right now. All we’ll probably do is talk about him, maybe go for a walk out in the sun."
 The toll of the virus on military veterans has been particularly harsh. They are older, have underlying health problems, and many reside in facilities that have been breeding grounds for the disease.
 According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, more than 1,000 veterans have been killed by the coronavirus. That does not include hundreds more who have died in state-run veterans homes, including hard-hit facilities in New Jersey, Massachusetts and Louisiana.
 “The last couple weeks have been hard," said Neal Hebert, whose father died at a veterans home in Reserve, Louisiana. "I’m an only child and I’ll routinely have the impulse of going ‘Oh, I need to call Dad and tell him this thing.’ And it hits me that I can’t do that.”
 His father, Berlin Hebert Jr., lost a leg from a land mine during the Vietnam War. He rarely talked about the war but made his son promise to never join the Army. It was only in recent years that he became more proud of his service, after the widower moved to the Southeast Louisiana Veterans home.
 It was there where he would attend Veterans Day services and he felt people acknowledged his time in the military, a gesture that moved him.


--DocBreak--
White water crashed over the windshield, spewing into the cockpit as the bow buried into yet another steep wave. The calm ride over this same narrow expanse of water four hours earlier was filled with anticipation and merriment, a response that was replaced with anxiety and apprehension. The fishing wasn't just good, it was great, but my request that we leave before the tide change fell on deaf ears.
 "This is the best sea bass bite we have ever experienced."
 There are times when you have to take an unpopular stand, particularly when you are on someone else's boat. I had promised to show them one of my best spots for black sea bass, but I warned them that we would have to leave before the tide change. That was one of the few occasions I wished the fish had left or turned off the bite, but it only got better as the wind picked up.
 When they ignored my warnings, I started the engine and began hauling in the anchor. This couple were readers who became friends and clients. I was showing them a few locations to fish.
 I began the slog of that long mile I call the Gooseberry Channel to where the waterway narrows, and the waters of Buzzards Bay collide with those of Rhode Island Sound. The scared couple looked at me like children who had just been told there was no Santa Claus.
 We left late, much too late, as the big flood tide began to fall against a stiff southwest wind that was piling up whitecaps in that narrow stretch of water where the bottom shallowed up quickly and the big push of water formed waves that had nowhere to go but up.
 Crashing into waves and getting drenched, they began to realize my warning should have been heeded.
 The woman was noticeably worried, inquiring, "Couldn't we turn around and head out to go around the Chickens?"
 We were already halfway into this confrontation of wind and waves and a turn would have been too dangerous, leading to a possible breaching.
 For the past 10 minutes, I had been watching a commercial lobsterman two miles to the southwest sliding his way toward New Bedford in the big flowing seas and disappearing into the troughs of the big waves.
 That big Downeaster was taking a beating and I had no desire to head into what he was running away from.
 Anyone who has been through Robinson's Hole, between Pasque and Naushon, and watched the steel navigation buoys pop up and disappear in that maelstrom of tide and foam knows what I'm speaking of.
 Our boat was a sea-kindly 24-footer with more than adequate power, but it was being pummeled by the wind and the short steep waves we were heading into. We finally broke out of the narrow confines and into the wider expanse of water and obtained a bit of cover from the hulk of Hens and Chickens and the cement barge the Angela, that had grounded there years before.
 The waves were still steep but a bit further apart until we reached the 35-foot depths of water just east of the Pinetree Grounds.
 From the time we hit the rough water until it became a bit more comfortable, I didn't hear a word from my deckmates, until the woman said, "That wild ride wasn't worth the few fish we caught after you warned us about leaving."
 She was learning.
 The caretaker was fond of saying people didn't have any respect for the water until they had the snot scared out of them.
 "They just head out there, fat, dumb and happy until they get into serious trouble."
 After a close call a person develops a great deal of respect for the awesome power of the sea.
 While the aforementioned channel is not the official name of that passage, I've called it the Gooseberry Channel and on many other occasions names which cannot be printed in a family newspaper. When the wind is against a strong tide, that short stretch of water in close to Gooseberry Point is one of the most treacherous from the west end of the Cape Cod Canal to Beavertail Point at Jamestown.
 Gooseberry Island is a wild and beautiful place, but it can also be very a very dangerous place to fish from the surf alone, particularly after dark. What appears to be a flat stretch leading out to some prominent rocks is actually a bowl that fills up quickly behind us and, when the tide is running in either direction, it can sweep a strong man off his feet and into the current.
 All of the anglers I guided to that point were given a warning and most of them thanked me for the notice.
 There was one client and a reader who were into fishing with wet suits and swimming out to distant rocks and I warned about the dangers and the swift currents there, but they did not take my advice.
 One said he thought I was trying to scare him, and I told him that was exactly my intention. He was accustomed to fishing from boulders in coves and along rocky beaches, not on a point where winds and treacherous currents could knock you off your perch and carry you out to sea.
 Both men escaped with their lives, but one lost a $250 plug bag and one had to swim a long distance against the current to reach solid footing.
 I love fishing at Gooseberry: it's a wild and natural place and while I have made numerous solo trips there, today I would never again risk fishing it alone.
 No one is more appreciative of the need for dedicated public access to our coastline than fishermen. During decades of fishing, I've watched unrestricted access to the shoreline diminish at an alarming rate. Thanks to the foresight and dedication of perceptive groups, individuals, and state agencies, we have nearly perpetual access to numerous sites which provide excellent fishing and opportunities to commune with nature.
 Gooseberry Island is a natural gem jutting out into the confluence of Rhode Island Sound and Buzzards Bay, almost directly across from the Elizabeths and the once bass capital of New England, the renowned island of Cuttyhunk.
 This facility is managed by the state of Massachusetts and has been open to all without a fee, although the town of Westport bears the brunt of the cost for many services.
 The most direct route to the tip of the point is to walk the gravel path up the middle of the island towards the WWII observation tower then down to the cobble beach. However, the danger from deer ticks is very real. When I walk the brush-choked area up that patch, I wear light-colored chino pants, white or light socks and shirts. I apply a liberal dose of
 tick repellent, yet when I check my clothing at the point I still find a startling number of ticks on my clothing.
 Many beaches and state parks have been temporarily closed due to the virus so be sure to check out the status of the current access to Gooseberry.
 Bring your camera or smart phone.
 If it's your first time visit you won't be disappointed.


--DocBreak--
He was reacting to North Dakota Gov. Doug Burgum (R), who on Friday made a heartfelt plea to constituents to “dial up empathy and understanding” and skip the partisan debate about wearing masks. DeWine said the remarks were “spot on.”


--DocBreak--
German security agencies have yet to detect any indications that such attacks are in the works, the statement said.


--DocBreak--
The Park includes three different forest types, 14 ecosystems, and particular wealth of flora and fauna. The Park is made up of vacant and state lands as well as the Los Santos Forest Reserve and the Cerro Vueltas Biological Reserve, in the cantons of Dota and Tarrazu (San José) and Aguirre (Puntarenas).


--DocBreak--
Property's all over the place (homepage, searches etc - HOM-133


--DocBreak--
The Argentine remains out of work at present, but that may not be the case for long – amid much talk of admiring glances being shot in his direction from the likes of Newcastle – and there have been further suggestions that United should make a move.


--DocBreak--
MORE AUSTRALIANS BACK IN SCHOOL: Students in two more Australian states returned to school full-time as numbers of COVID-19 patients in hospitals across the country fall. New South Wales and Queensland states joined the less populous Western Australia and South Australia states and the Northern Territory in resuming face-to-face learning instead of studying from home online. Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said students and teachers should stay home if they are sick, noting “We’re not out of the woods yet." New South Wales Premier Gladys Berejiklian said school absences appeared to be higher than normal. Australia's remaining jurisdictions — Victoria and Tasmania states and the Australian Capital Territory — plan to send students back to school in stages through early June.


--DocBreak--
Drogba’s towering header with two minutes of normal time to play made him only the third African to score in a Champions League final – Basile Boli and Samuel Eto’o being the others – took his tally in Europe that season to six, and added to the almost fated nature of, not just the performance, but the entire run. That it would fall to him to convert the winning penalty seems, in hindsight, almost inevitable.


--DocBreak--
As US officials try to get a handle on the spread of the virus, President Donald Trump announced Sunday he was suspending travel into the US for people who had been to Brazil within the past two weeks.


--DocBreak--
In the Dock: Banned drivers among defendants in court

