Archaeologists think the altars were placed at the shrines entrance to the "Holy of Holies" section, said to be the inner sanctuary for God's presence to appear.


--DocBreak--
Peaceful protesters get lost in prime-time TV coverage - oregonlive.com


--DocBreak--
Caught On Camera: Good Samaritan braves inferno


--DocBreak--
On the day Missouri recorded its first death from COVID-19, Gov. Mike Parson ordered the April 7 election delayed to Tuesday.
   
 On that day, the state had confirmed 24 people were infected with the coronavirus, an increase of 16 from the day before.
   
 As voters who have not already cast an absentee ballot go to the polls, the count of cases in the state is more than 13,000 and the election will come after a month that averaged 180 new infections every day.
   
 Boone County voters have no county-wide items on the ballot. The election for the Boone Hospital Center Board of Trustees was settled when filing ended with incumbent Jerry Kennett unopposed for another five-year term and Trustee Bob McDavid unopposed to fill four years of an unexpired term.
   
 The contest Tuesday with the largest constituency is the Columbia Board of Education, where two incumbents and two challengers are vying for three seats.
   
 There is also a contested election in Columbia's First Ward, a race for mayor in Ashland where the future of suspended police Chief Lyn Woolford remains to be determined, and contested city and school board elections in several smaller communities.
   
 Voters in Columbia Public Schools and the Sturgeon School District are being asked to pass bond issues to finance new construction.
   
 In Boone County, there will be 37 polling locations open, and Clerk Brianna Lennon urges voters to check their sample ballots to be sure of where to vote because many regular locations were not available for the new date.
   
 As of Thursday, more than 4,700 absentee ballots had been requested, about five times the number from the 2019 April election, and Lennon expects in- person turnout to be light.
   
 Voters who received absentee ballots in the mail must return them to the clerk's office by 7 p.m. Tuesday, when polls close, for them to be counted.
   
 COLUMBIA SCHOOLS
   
 The Columbia Board of Education will have at least one new member as grapples with an issue unlike any in recent history -- how to prevent the spread of an easily transmissible disease that has no vaccine.
   
 Long-time incumbents Helen Wade, current board president, and Jonathan Sessions, are running against Chris Horn, and David Seamon, with three seats to be filled.
   
 Perhaps not since polio was endemic to the United States have schools had face a disease with the potential for such heartbreak.
   
 Columbia schools sent students home in mid-March, delivering packets of educational material for elementary students and providing instruction online with middle school and high school students. Elementary students had online meetings with teachers.
   
 The district is still working on plans for the fall, to determine how often and what times students will be in classes. New board members will have to watch for equity and quality in the education offerings and student safety, among other issues raised by the response to COVID-19.
   
 Some of those issues are long-standing. School district data shows minority students lag behind the average on achievement testing and are much more likely to be suspended for behavior issues than white peers.
   
 Horn is a reinsurance manager at Shelter Insurance. His wife is a teacher at Ridgeway Elementary School.
   
 "The biggest challenge is the unknown," Horn said about planning for August. "We've got a short amount of time to develop a plan. The benefit we have is hindsight from this semester. Learning from what we've done will help."
   
 The district is also asking voters for a $20 million bond issue for expansion of an elementary school and improvements at Jefferson Middle School, including installation of an elevator for improved access for students with disabilities.
   
 COLUMBIA FIRST WARD
   
 Voters will choose between a long-time advocate for the central city, a political newcomer who brings experience with homelessness and a student who entered the race with hopes of boosting student turnout.
   
 In coming months, the Columbia City Council will be faced with both controlling the spread of COVID-19 -- there have been 32 cases in the past week in the county -- and dealing with the economic fallout.
   
 The council must allocate federal funds flowing for pandemic relief while finding savings in the city budget as tax and fee receipts plunge due to business closings and slowdowns.
   
 Pat Fowler, who was the first to file, has worked for a comprehensive approach to infrastructure issues in central Columbia and chaired the Historic Preservation Commission.
   
 Mark Anderson, who has worked a variety of jobs and now owns his own home, has been homeless three times and wants to focus on affordable housing.
   
 Greg Pierson, a junior at the University of Missouri, went to his parent's home in St. Louis County when the campus closed. He wants the perspective of the 30,000 MU students represented on the council.
   
 ASHLAND
   
 Controversy erupted in Ashland in February when popular police Chief Lyn Woolford, voted "America's Favorite Crossing Guard" in 2019, was placed on administrative leave with little explanation.
   
 Soon after the action, Woolford filed a lawsuit contesting the action, arguing that state law has a specific process for removing a police chief that has not been followed. The lawsuit also made pointed attacks on Mayor Gene Rhorer, alleging that Woolford was set aside because he would not act as the mayor wanted against a woman he shared a home and children with.
   
 Action in Woolford's lawsuit was suspended when the courts went on a limited docket to control spread of COVID-19. A variety of motions are pending, including a request for a court order reinstating Woolford to his duties.
   
 A hearing is scheduled for June 16.
   
 Rhorer is not seeking a new term. Second Ward Alderman Richard Sullivan is seeking the job with Dorise Slinker as his opponent.
   
 First Ward Alderman Bryan Bradford is unopposed for re-election, as is Third Ward Alderman Rick Lewis. Two people, Stephen Dullard and Melissa Old, are seeking the Second Ward seat being given up by Sullivan.
   
 BOND ISSUES
   
 The Sturgeon School District has no contest for the three seats on its board, but it is asking voters to approve a $3.5 million bond issue. The plan calls for replacement of the heating, ventilation and air conditioning in the high school gym.
   
 Security improvements include upgraded door security, ballistic film applied to windows and new building and bus radios and repeaters. Vocational agriculture and weight training rooms will also be added.
   
 The Southern Boone Fire Protection District is asking voters for a $3.2 million bond issue that includes $300,000 for a new fire station west of Ashland.
   
 There would also be money for equipment, including an expensive rescue vehicle designed to transport firefighters and equipment, which is estimated at about $700,000.
   
 OTHER CONTESTS
   
 There are contests in several of Boone County's smaller school districts, with six candidates vying for three seats on the Southern Boone County Schools Board of Education and four candidates vying for three seats on the Central School District's board.
   
 In Centralia, where all voters will cast ballots at the United Methodist Church, there is also a contest for a First Ward seat on the Board of Aldermen.
   
 There are contested city races in Hallsville for the First Ward and in Sturgeon for the First Ward and the Second Ward.
   
 Sturgeon is asking voters to approve a use tax so the city can capture sales taxes for purchases made from online retailers such as Amazon. The rate would be equal to the rate on purchases made at retailers within Sturgeon city limits.
   
 rkeller@columbiatribune.com
   
 573-815-1709


--DocBreak--
Weekend heatwave brings out chilled celebs as Rita Ora and Kelly Brook lick on ice lollies – The Scottish Sun


--DocBreak--
As with the claims portal, users experience the same secure user log-in and customisable interface, while never missing an update or incident. The system also has time- and money-saving trackers and reminders. Clients can also monitor every detail, from drivers, to registration, fitness, and servicing deadlines, to every last drop of fuel used.


--DocBreak--
Despite the Coronavirus issue, which shut down the spring sports season, Steig was waiting for the green light in order to open the summer season.


--DocBreak--
As states cut budgets due to the loss of tax revenue brought on by the economic crisis caused by COVID-19, many institutions of higher education will be forced to raise tuition. While this may help college and university finances in the short term, in the long term it will make it more difficult for international students to be able to afford to study in the U.S., which in turn will make the U.S. a less attractive study destination.

