TRINITY — Graveside service for Elder Joe H. Cater, 76, will be held on Tuesday, Juen 16, 2020 at noon at Sterrs Cemetery, Decatur, Alabama, with Elder Mylon Burwell officiating and Sharpley Funeral Home directing.
 Visitation will be held on Monday, June 15, 2020, at Sharpley Funeral Home from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. and at Bethlehem Primitive Baptist Church, 7565 Greenbriar Road, Madison, AL, from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m.
 Elder Joe H. Cater entered into eternal rest on June 11, 2020 at Huntsville Hospital Decatur General Hospital Campus.
 Elder Joe H. Cater was born April 7, 1944 in Morgan County to the late Rev. Job and Ella Lee Cater.
 Elder Joe H. Cater was retired from Champion Paper Mill and was full-time Pastor at Bethlehem Primitive Baptist Church.
 Elder Joe H. Cater was well known as the barbecue man “Smokey Joe”. He was a great husband and father. He loved his family and enjoyed spending time with his family. He found no greater joy than to have Sunday dinner at home, playing cards, dominoes, laughing and talking with his family.
 Not only was he a dedicated and loving family man, he was a great friend to many. He never met a stranger. To know him was to love him, and he was loved!
 He is survived by his wife of 52 years, Mother Bennie (Pat) Cater; daughters, Tracey L. Cater, Kimberly M. Pace, and Keisha S. Cater, all of Decatur, AL; son, Ronald (Connie) Cater of Decatur, AL; grandchildren, Arness D. Cunningham of San Francisco, CA, Jasmine M. Cater of Decatur, AL, Taylor N. Cater of Huntsville, AL, Trenton C. Cater and Jai C. Johnson of Decatur, AL; great grandchildren, Aaliyah C. Johnson of Houston, TX, Madison Orr, Elijah Chapman and Connor Coffey all of Decatur, AL, and Koda Ferguson of Huntsville, AL; adopted grandson, Chancely Thomas of Decatur, AL; sisters, Ruth (Sammy) Lee of Tifton, GA, Dr. Joyce (Dr. Edward) Irons of Atlanta, GA, Bernice Ayers of Decatur, AL, and Barbara Small of Smyrna, GA; sister-in-laws, Francis Simpson, Mary Holiday, Lizzie Simpson, Louise Simpson and Rose Kyles, all of Belleville, AL, and Anne Cater of Cleveland,OH; brother-in-laws, Joe Nickerson of Nashville, TN, Isaac Simpson and Ray Simpson of Belleville, AL, and Richard (Diane) Simpson of Stone Mountain, GA; and a host of nieces, nephews, cousins and friends.
 Elder Cater was preceded in death by his parents; son, Joe Christopher Cater; sister, Queen Nickerson; and brother, James Cater.
 A True Man of God who will be missed by many.


--DocBreak--
Ad oggi sappiamo soltanto che chi risultasse positivo dovrebbe essere sottoposto a tampone e avere il risultato dell’ulteriore esame entro 6 giorni. Nel frattempo l’asintomatico sarà autorizzato a “circolare” tranquillamente o dovrà mettersi in quarantena preventiva? Quanto tempo si prevede occorra per effettuare i tamponi successivi al primo positivo? Da chi saranno eseguiti? A carico di chi?»


--DocBreak--
Una dintre cele mai puternice femei din businessulul local, despre reţeta succesului:„e o muncă de echipă". Care este celălalt ingredient secret # Business Magazin


--DocBreak--
Una dintre cele mai puternice femei din businessul local, despre reţeta succesului:„e o muncă de echipă". Care este celălalt ingredient secret # Business Magazin


--DocBreak--
We're not here to feel bad about the past too much though -- live and learn. The Bengals didn't make any such mistake at the top of the draft this year, getting their guy Burrow and kickstarting a new era.


--DocBreak--
on ff win, reported widths are all over the place

