Study finds NY’ers looking to stay close to home this summer


--DocBreak--
Smiths Falls & District Chamber of Commerce has been given the green light to open the park for the season. The campground manager has started preparations to welcome seasonal guests to the campground with protocols in place to ensure that staff and guests reduce the spread of COVID-19.


--DocBreak--
High school workouts resume after UIL gives green light - June 10, 2020


--DocBreak--
Low-risk youth sports have been given the green light to resume next month in New York for regions in Phase 3 of the NY Forward reopening plan, Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Sunday.


--DocBreak--
Minneapolis medical examiner under fire


--DocBreak--
Speaking of stress, do what you can to lower your stress but don't stress about your stress. Research studies have shown that when the brain is scanned when under stress, it shows the same patterns as when the person is experiencing beauty. So instead of viewing stress as doom and gloom we can look at stress as an “activator” that helps us get moving on solutions, options, or other ideas to help us proceed through a challenging situation or season.


--DocBreak--
The COVID-19 pandemic has upended traditional summer travel, but that doesn't mean there are no opportunities for Granite Staters to have fun in the sun.
   
 Shortly after Memorial Day, retailers selling above ground pools said they were sold out as many residents prepared for backyard stay-cations. The sale of mountain bikes and kayaks are up as well, according to Eastern Mountain Sports in Peterborough, as locals look for adventures close to home.
   
 There's a lot to do if you decide to vacation in-state, said New Hampshire Travel and Tourism Director Lori Harnois.
   
 "New Hampshire is a great place to vacation whether you are a resident or from out-of-state. Here in New Hampshire, we're fortunate to offer variety within proximity. From the rugged wilderness of the Great North Woods, to the quaint country villages of the Monadnock Region, to the sandy beaches on our Seacoast and everything in between," Harnois said in an email. "We encourage residents to experience all the great activities available in their home state."
   
 That's still possible this summer, even as the state remains partially shut down.
   
 "Although not all businesses are open to capacity, there is still a wide variety of activities to choose from," Harnois said. "For example, golf courses and driving ranges, state parks, outdoor activities like hiking, or renting a bike, kayak, or ATVing. Drive-in movie theatres, farm stands, fishing charters for small groups, retail shops, yard sales and crafts fairs, are also some other options."
   
 Harnois said while out-of-state visitors may also want to take advantage of New Hampshire hotels, inns and attractions this summer they are being required to follow certain state guidelines.
   
 "The state continues to take steps to reopen the economy and lift restrictions," she said, explaining out-of-state visitors to lodging including short-term rentals and hotels need to sign documentations stating they've quarantined for 14 days before entering the state.
   
 Brent Wucher, public information officer for the New Hampshire Department of Parks and Recreation, said the state has a lot to offer during the summer for people looking for recreation opportunities while also social distancing.
   
 "New Hampshire has 93 parks spread throughout the state. There is such a variety of different parks right now," Wucher said. "That's why our state park system is here, it's for our residents and our guests. People have to get outside and it's a healthy alternative."
      
 SEACOAST CORONAVIRUS NEWS IS FREE: This content is being provided for free as a public service to our readers. Sign up for our free daily or breaking email newsletters and Seacoast Health newsletter to stay informed. Please support local journalism by subscribing to Seacoastonline.com or by subscribing to Fosters.com.
      
 Five state campgrounds have opened so far this summer, he said. The state is currently taking camping reservations from New Hampshire residents at Bear Brook, Lafayette Place (Franconia Notch), Lake Francis, Ellacoya and Greenfield State Park, which are open at 50% capacity under Stay at Home 2.0.
   
 Seacoast beaches were also opened at the beginning of the month, but parking availability has been reduced to make it easier for people to social distance at the beach, Wucher said. Metered parking areas are open and operating at 50% capacity, but people can go online and make a reservation for day-use parking, which is available through the state parks website for Wallis Sands and Hampton South Beach parking lots.
   
 "Especially if you are coming from any distance and want to spend your day at Hamptons," reserving parking is a good idea, Wucher said.
   
 Inland lake beaches continue to be restricted, he said, but the state is working to reopen them for use. Parking lots, restrooms and other support facilities for the inland beaches are not currently open. For those beaches that continue to be accessible by walking in, use of the beach is restricted to transient and/or walking use only. Swimming and sitting on the beach is prohibited until further notice, according to the state parks website.
   
 Residents are asked to make reservations online for day of use of state parks. Wucher said visitors should make a plan and a reservation but also have a plan B or backup plan "if you get there and you don't feel safe."
   
 Wucher urges people to social distance, wear a mask if that is not possible, or find a less busy spot. The state wants to continue to lift restrictions throughout the summer, which another COVID-19 outbreak could prevent and even roll back lifted restrictions, he said.
   
 "Help us keep our parks open," Wucher said. "We're looking for guests to get out there and use the parks, but do it responsibly."
   
 He also recommends the various rail trials throughout the state for hikes.
   
 "A lot of the rail trails throughout the state are also a great place to social distance," he said.
   
 People planning a stay-cation can go to the state parks website for updates and to make reservations to visit day-use parks, camping and beach parking.
   
 "We tell everybody 'stay home, stay safe and stay local,'" Wucher said. "We want people to recreate close to home."
   
 These articles are being shared by partners in the Granite State News Collaborative. For more information, visit collaborativenh.org.


--DocBreak--
The ' Satellite Communications market' research report is latest addition by Market Study Report, LLC, that elucidates relevant market and competitive insights as well as regional and consumer information. In a nutshell, the research study covers every pivotal aspect of this business sphere that influences the existing trends, profitability position, market share, market size, regional valuation, and business expansion plans of key players in the Satellite Communications market.


--DocBreak--
Area prep softball coaches were in a slightly different position than most other coaches when athletics reopened June 1 for Columbia Public Schools and neighboring districts in Boone County.
   
 Coaches across Missouri were separated from their players when schools closed in March due to the coronavirus pandemic. Instead of offseason softball workouts or spring sports seasons, coaches and athletes were resigned to at- home workouts and Zoom calls.
   
 The shutdown lifted sooner for softball players involved in travel ball than athletes in other sports, however.
   
 Several Battle softball players, for example, began playing non-school travel ball in May, before CPS began allowing teams to start their summer workouts June 1, according to Spartans head coach Joe Henderson. By the time the school team resumed in-person activities, some of the players had already worked off some of the rust from the stoppage.
   
 Battle came together for its first practice June 2 and began summer league play the next day, returning Henderson and his players to some semblance of normalcy.
   
 Rock Bridge head coach Lisa Alvis knew this offseason would look completely different than the usual. Alvis is coming off a successful first year with the Bruins, leading Rock Bridge to a 28-7 record and third-place finish in Class 4.
   
 One huge difference for the Bruins this offseason is the absence of any summer league games. Alvis was in talks with Jefferson City about a league including several members of the new Central Missouri Activities Conference this year, but COVID-19 put an end to those plans.
   
 "We can't travel outside Boone County due to our CPS guidelines, but I also just nixed games altogether with other schools," Alvis said. "I'm in a different position than Hickman and Battle because I have more kids. Our school is the biggest (in the area) right now. So I don't necessarily need to play games with other schools.
   
 "I can intrasquad with my kids if I need to get them live pitching."
   
 Alvis is more focused on getting her team together and working on building team chemistry after the long layoff. She plans to utilize this time to work in incoming freshmen and foster a feeling of togetherness, especially in light of the protests in Columbia and across the nation after the death of George Floyd while in police custody late last month.
   
 "(We will) just continue to ease in and be around each other, especially with what's going on in our community," Alvis said. "It's about making sure our kids are being safe and understanding that they have a voice and making sure they understand what I expect and what the program is about."
   
 Another source of concern for Alvis and Hickman head coach Courtney Haskell this offseason is arm care. Most of their players had a prolonged period without playing, then returned to playing five to six times a week.
   
 "I'm probably the only one that was happy they had to take some time off," Haskell said. "For some people, their bodies never get that time off. For some, it could have been a great thing."
   
 The rest may have proved valuable, but with that layoff, communication will be more important than ever this summer. Alvis is staying in contact with travel ball coaches to know how much her pitchers are throwing during the weekend, knowing there isn't a reason to push them during the week depending on their response.
   
 "My biggest concern is arm care because there's a lot of wear and tear on the shoulder, bicep and elbow," Alvis said. "It's really hard to come back in our sport from an arm injury, and I think a lot of people know that games are won and lost in the circle."
   
 Haskell has a similar approach with her pitchers.
   
 "I hope that if they are extremely sore and my pitcher knows that if they pitched a lot the weekend before and know they will pitch the next weekend, just have a conversation with me," Haskell said. "It boils down to communication."
   
 Haskell admitted seeing some rust as the Kewpies began summer league play earlier this month, but that isn't a major concern moving forward. These days, players are playing nearly every day over the summer and the muscle memory is still there.
   
 It's only a matter of time before Hickman is firing on all cylinders again.
   
 The summer is the first step, but Haskell's eyes are still on the fall and what a potential season may look like. Under CPS' new guidelines, the bulk of the Kewpies' offseason workouts still look similar, albeit accounting for social distancing and smaller groups.
   
 But the fall remains an unknown.
   
 "It's a waiting game," Haskell said. "You wait and plan until the next thing happens, and you have to change your plans. When the next thing happens, you have to change your plans again. I think that's life, and we're dealing with something that no one has ever dealt with in our lifetimes.
   
 "... We will figure it out, and sometimes you have to go with the flow."


--DocBreak--
The ' Discovery Bioanalysis market' research report is latest addition by Market Study Report, LLC, that elucidates relevant market and competitive insights as well as regional and consumer information. In a nutshell, the research study covers every pivotal aspect of this business sphere that influences the existing trends, profitability position, market share, market size, regional valuation, and business expansion plans of key players in the Discovery Bioanalysis market.


--DocBreak--
This afternoon will be warmer than yesterday, but still well below average. Around 10 degrees below average to be exact with our current average high and low being 76/56, and a forecast high for today at 65°F. Even with such cool temperatures for June it will still feel warm in the sun with a few clouds and increasing sunshine to end the weekend as our quiet pattern continues.


--DocBreak--
The first public high school in Rochester began in 1857. Classes were held in buildings that also housed elementary children until Rochester High School was built in 1901 on Wakefield Street. A three-story brick building with separate doors for boys and girls, the Rochester Courier newspaper called it a "splendid high school structure."
   
 Gym classes were held in the basement and a ramp led to a bicycle storage area for those who rode a bicycle to school. No transportation was provided for high school students. An assembly hall was on the third floor. There was no cafeteria, but according to graduate Florence Smith there was no need of one because classes ended at 1 p.m.
   
 More students began attending high school and the building soon became so crowded the assembly hall was used for classes. Assemblies and graduations, as well as basketball games, were held in the Rochester Opera House in City Hall. Many changes in education meant different classes were needed to meet the needs of students not planning to go to college. In 1926 a vocational building was added.
   
 By the mid-1930s Rochester High School was considered severely overcrowded, run down, and lacking in many of the things needed for a modern high school education. During the Depression Rochester was able to get a grant for 45 percent of the cost for a new school from the federal Public Works Administration, the city paid $45,000 and the generosity of the Spaulding families paid the remainder. The cost of the land, building, equipment, and landscaping was approximately $960,000.
   
 The beautiful new building, named for the late Leon Spaulding, included facilities for health and physical education, science laboratories, and home economics with a cooking room, a sewing room, and a model suite. The Practical Arts Department included electric, machine, automotive, cabinet, and pattern shops, a foundry and finishing rooms. Classes were offered in business, music, and art.
   
 Included on the 33-acre lot were athletic fields with a quarter-mile cinder track, football and baseball fields, two tennis courts, a handball court, practice field, parking, and space and equipment for many other outdoor activities.
   
 The auditorium had 1,023 seats and a large stage. It was used for graduations until the classes became too big for it. Outdoor graduations were then held on the football field.
   
 Since its dedication in September 1939 Spaulding High School has seen many changes, including double sessions in the 1970s, use as a junior high school when a new "open concept" high school opened behind it, and additions and renovations. For the first time in 2020 the building was closed, and remote learning began.
   
 \-- Martha Fowler, president of the Rochester Historical Society, can be reached at rochesternhhistorical@gmail.com


--DocBreak--
With 15 laps to go, it was basically down to a two-car race: Gragson was leading, about 2 1/2 seconds ahead of Briscoe. Nobody else was within 10 seconds of the lead, a very similar scenario to Saturday when Gragson had a huge lead over Dale Earnhardt Jr. going into the last laps before a caution tightened the field and gave Harrison Burton the chance to grab the win on the final lap.

