The town of Needham added just three cases of COVID-19 in the second week of June, according to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health's weekly report released June 17 documenting COVID-19 cases by city and town. As of last Wednesday, a total of 328 residents have tested positive for the coronavirus.
 The data showed Needham's reported positivity rate continues to fall -- 13.67% of Needham residents who have been tested for COVID-19 subsequently received a positive result. The figure was reported at 14.66% last week. The latest fatality information provided from the town showed 70 deaths as of June 8.
 Speaking at his daily press conference June 17, Gov. Charlie Baker pointed to positive trends at the state level and said hospitalizations are down over 70% since the middle of April. The daily DPH report released the day of the governor's address showed 1,000 Massachusetts residents were hospitalized from COVID-19 on Wednesday, with 244 requiring intensive care.
 "This progress is obviously encouraging and shows that we continue to move in the right direction," Baker said. "It also puts us on a good trajectory with respect to our gradual plans associated with reopening."
 The governor praised the state's residents for their role in slowing the spread of the coronavirus.
 "Our administration firmly believes that much of our progress has been the result of the behavior and vigilance of the people of Massachusetts," Baker said.
 On Monday of this week, the same day that Step Two of Phase II of the state- led reopening plan began, DPH reported 149 new cases and 17 additional deaths - a total of 107,210 people have been infected with COVID-19 in the state and 7,874 have died. The Monday report showed 920 patients with COVID-19 in hospitals across the state - including 13 suspected and confirmed COVID-19 patients at Beth Israel Deaconess Needham, with 2 people requiring intensive care.
 On April 15, when the total number of cases reported in Massachusetts was under 30,000, the state reported 1,755 new cases and 151 new deaths. On the same day, Beth Israel Lahey Health reported 25 patients with suspected or confirmed cases of COVID-19, including 6 requiring intensive care.


--DocBreak--
Advertising
 “Clearing of silt and shrubs in the canal with earth movers has been completed to a stretch of five km over the last few days. We are hopeful of finishing off the remaining two km in the next two to three days,” Mr. Tamil Selvan said.
 Delay in flow of water will lead to late harvest, which, in turn, will hamper the schedule of thaladi crop.
 “After a gap of eight years, we have hopes of completing two crop cycles this time,” Mr. Tamil Selvan said.
 Though it is a week since water was released into the Vennar, there are no signs of water reaching the Vettar, its tributary, so far, he added.
 According to a PWD official, water will reach the branch canals in the tail- end areas of the delta region within the next two days.


--DocBreak--
"But what is the source of the inflammation in the first place? That's something that we really need to get to grips with."


--DocBreak--
Playing capture the flag, braiding friendship bracelets and performing in funny skits will look different this summer as local camps contemplate how - or if - they will be able to open.
 Although many camps across the state are not offering in-person programs this year - including the City of Newton - due to Covid-19, a few have decided to move forward with face-to-face offerings, albeit from six feet away.
 Organizers have been re-imagining how they will operate in person and whether they will offer virtual classes instead or in addition.
 Want news like this sent straight to your inbox? Head over to Newton@wickedlocal.com to sign up for alerts and make sure you never miss a thing. You pick the news you want, we deliver.
 "Our goal is to keep the children outdoors as much as possible," said Kimberly Benzan, COO of the West Suburban YMCA at 276 Church St.
 "While camp will look and feel a bit different this summer, we are committed to ensuring that our staff will create the same memorable experience for campers this summer," according to the Y's website. "We are following all CDC, state, and local guidelines for operating safe and healthy summer camps at YMCA Camp Pikati (in Newton) and YMCA Camp Chickami (in Wayland)."
 Activities will be held in two large, outdoor tents so all Pikati (pronounced Pike-ah-tee) campers will have enough space to adhere to social distancing requirements.
 "We did a lot of homework relative to the guidelines" from the CDC, the state, and the city, said Benzan.
 Under present guidelines (which often change), the Y expects their pool will be available in Phase 3 (June 29) of Gov. Charlie Baker's reopening plan. Children would use private changing rooms or an outdoor trailer that includes bathrooms and sinks.
 "We're going all out," she said.
 There will be additional hand-washing and sanitizing stations, staff will be required to wear masks, parents and guardians are asked to monitor children's temperatures daily and many sports and other activities will run differently.
 "For example, (the) arts and crafts programming will include, whenever possible, individual materials (markers, crayons, pencils, etc.) for each camper," according to the website. Certain team sports, including basketball and soccer, cannot run since it is difficult to maintain social distancing while playing.
 David Sellers, Jr., executive director of the John M. Barry Boys & Girls Club on Watertown St., said they will also be offering a modified version of camp, probably at a financial loss.
 "Our primary role in the community is to be a place where children come together," said Sellers. "Although the guidelines provided by EEC (state Department of Early Education and Care) are daunting, if this is the only safe way that children and adults can come together for fun and mentoring, then we felt we owed it to the community and to the kids to dig deep so that we can give them that opportunity."
 Sellers said the Club would open to about 40 campers and if the program goes well and people remain healthy, he said they could expand to allow in 75 children.
 "Virtual programming was an amazing tool, and one that we deployed rapidly and enjoyed great success with," he said. "However, we feel that youth crave deeper interactions with each other and with adults. We want to give them the chance to put down those handheld devices and step back into the real world and we believe that we have taken the necessary steps to ensure a safe, healthy experience."


--DocBreak--
Violators of the decree's ban on large gatherings are subject to a two-year jail term and/or a fine of 40,000 baht.


--DocBreak--
A party is no fun without a theme and no matter who your charity is, make sure that everyone is on board to make it more memorable and unique. It could be color-coded so make everyone wear something red, green, or others.


--DocBreak--
The Trump administration has also signaled it wants to overhaul a law that gives online services immunity from content posted by others, a move which could open the floodgates to litigation.


--DocBreak--
After a long wait, farmers in the tail-end areas of Kilvelur, Killukudi, Pattamangalam, and Sottalvannam villages in the district are now in the process of desilting a branch canal to a length of seven km, at their own expense, to ensure availability of water for paddy cultivation in about 3,000 acres where they have already undertaken direct sowing as per the advice of the Agriculture Department.
 Farmers in these villages are apprehensive since delay in flow of water in the canal fed by Odambokki, a tributary of the Vettar, will lead to withering of the sprouts.
 “We have been trying in vain for many years to get the branch canal desilted through the Public Works Department,” S.R. Tamil Selvan, who has mobilised the farmers in the cluster of villages to deepen the branch canal by two to three feet, said.
 Advertising


--DocBreak--
Wakefield native Leigh Barrett, center, starred as Reno Sweeney in Reagle's 2018 production of \"Anything Goes.\" [Courtesy photo/Herb Philpott]


--DocBreak--
A motel has become the last thing standing in the way of Sunshine Coast Council’s plan to overhaul a key entrance to a tourism hotspot.


--DocBreak--
This isn't a normal year, not by a long shot.
 When 2020 dawned, nobody expected that the major issues facing the Legislature and Gov. Charlie Baker at the summer solstice would be solving for the sudden evaporation of tax revenue, tackling police reform measures that some on Beacon Hill have spent years advocating for, and managing a reboot of the economy while trying to hold a global pandemic at bay.
 But that's where we stand in June of 2020, a year without an equal in modern history.
 If this were a normal year, legislative negotiators would right now be going back and forth over a compromise budget for the fiscal year that starts July 1 but, if history is any guide, Massachusetts would still be among the last states to get its spending plan in place.
 Instead, the last real action on the fiscal 2021 budget came in January when Baker rolled out a $44.6 billion spending plan that would have its underlying assumptions wiped away before lawmakers could try their hands at producing a budget of their own.
 The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy this week said that "despite uncertainty all around the nation, a few states passed budgets this week and many more are negotiating to enact theirs before fiscal years close at the end of June." Massachusetts isn't among them and Baker on Friday filed a temporary budget for the month of July.
 There are no penalties for finishing the budget late, but the time and effort required to agree on a budget and deal with all the amendments and vetoes that the governor could return cuts substantially into the capacity of lawmakers to tackle other major bills during July, the final month of formal sessions.
 If this were a normal year, the legislative agenda would be in pretty clear view with about six weeks left for formal lawmaking. With time running out before the July 31 end of formals, lawmakers and the governor typically winnow the field down to include a handful of priority bills in addition to the budget.
 Instead, the governor and lawmakers last week added legislation to the laundry list of things they hope will get done by the end of the session -- and there's been no serious talk, at least publicly, about extending the end of formals beyond July 31 in some weeks.
 The Senate this week pulled the curtain off of a health care reform bill that it plans to put up for a vote next week, but the outlook for that issue in the House remains unclear and recent sessions have shown that health care is a topic that lawmakers can struggle to find common ground on. Will the lessons of the pandemic change that? We'll see.
 Senate President Karen Spilka and House Speaker Robert DeLeo have both said they want to act on racial justice and police reform legislation before July 31. Baker proposed what he called a "first step" toward creating a more just system Wednesday, putting forward a bill that would establish a certification system for law enforcement officers and strip licenses from officers who commit egregious violations.
 Massachusetts is one of only four states that does not have a police certification system in place.
 "How can we hold folks who are doing our nails and our hair at a (higher) standard than someone who could take my life? How can we hold someone who is a financial planner at a higher standard than someone who could take my civil liberties?" Rep. Russell Holmes, a Mattapan Democrat who has been pushing similar legislation to create a statewide Peace Officer Standards and Training system, said at Baker's press conference Wednesday.
 Baker repeatedly said he wanted the bill done by July 31 -- further suggesting the House and Senate will hold to their rule of no recorded roll call votes after that date -- but Holmes said the target completion date should be even earlier. By finishing work on the bill by July 20, the veteran lawmaker noted, lawmakers would still have time before July 31 to consider any gubernatorial amendments and override vetoes if Baker takes his full 10 days for review
 "Both the speaker and the Senate President have a more -- what we would call an omnibus bill," Holmes said. "They believe we can get this done. I would like them to prove it."
 Attorney General Maura Healey and Baker's energy and environment secretariat wanted the company that owns the defunct Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station in Plymouth to prove that it has the money and technical ability to safely decommission the plant. And through a settlement announced this week, that's just what they got.
 Holtec Decommissioning International will now be held to compliance measures that are more strict than federal requirements, must regularly report to the state on the status of the decommissioning of the plant that went dark a little more than a year ago, and must help fund state programs for emergency preparedness and environmental monitoring.
 With Pilgrim now offline and other conventional power-generating facilities due to be retired soon, the state has been looking to the renewable power of offshore wind to supply some of the state's electricity. On that front, there was good news this week.
 Vineyard Wind I, the project that would begin to fulfill a clean energy mandate from a 2016 law and has been eyed as the first utility-scale offshore wind development in the country, will be ready to move forward once a federal permit the developer hopes to be issued by December is in hand, the project's chief executive told the News Service.
 On the energy front, Energy and Environmental Affairs Secretary Kathleen Theoharides this week doubled down on the administration's intention to launch the multi-state Transportation and Climate Initiative, a regional transportation emissions cap-and-trade program that would increase the price of gasoline.
 The week wrapped up Friday with a new push from lawmakers for the state to formally recognize Juneteenth -- a holiday marking the day in 1865 that enslaved African Americans in Texas got word that they were free -- as a state holiday, an idea the governor seems to be on board with.
 "The need to establish Juneteenth as a state holiday is aligned with the Black Lives Matter Movement and is a step in the right direction," Boston Rep. Chynah Tyler, a sponsor of one bill to make June 19 a state holiday, said in a statement. "African Americans fought valiantly in every war since the Civil War, yet have not been granted access to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Because Black lives matter, we must honor all African Americans who sacrificed their lives for this very cause and set the tone for the future generations to live without fear of being unlawfully detained or harmed without equitable due process."

