104 calls for help at sea in region over past year | Daily Mercury


--DocBreak--
Hot off the heels of his "sinister" roles as two deadly assassins in Game of Thrones and Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan, Tom Wlaschiha had to think twice about playing a Nazi in the sequel to Das Boot.


--DocBreak--
Meth labs, hoarders and crime scenes - all of the details normally kept behind closed doors.


--DocBreak--
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Discussions are vital if you want to make a change that affects others. Get everyone on board by offering incentives. If you pump up people, there isn't anything you can't accomplish. Home improvements will bring promising results. 5 stars


--DocBreak--
BOSTON -- Juneteenth is a step closer to becoming a state holiday in Massachusetts after the House on Wednesday agreed to mark June 19 as Juneteenth Independence Day.
 The holiday took place last Friday and residents across the state took the streets in large numbers to peacefully celebrate the occasion against a backdrop of nationwide protests against police violence and systemic racism. State officials, including Gov. Charlie Baker, have filed police reform bills they hope to pass before the end of session on July 31.
 Rep. Bud Williams of Springfield filed Juneteeth amendment and called its addition to a COVID-19 spending bill a "big step" during a speech during Wednesday's House session.
 "This a real important day," he said. "We filed this in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter. In terms of making this state holiday, it will go a long way in bridging the racial gap between individuals."
 Juneteenth is a celebration of the day when enslaved African Americans in Texas were told they were free, more than two years after President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation. Several bills were filed in the House and Senate last week that would make it an official state holiday in Massachusetts.
 The Senate still needs to act on the Juneteenth proposal and leaders in that branch have indicated support for making the day a state holiday.
 Williams said the discussion around making Juneteenth a state holiday started two weeks ago during a weekend phone call with Rep. Mindy Domb (D-Amherst). Domb offered the idea and then Sens. Jo Comerford and Sonia Chang-Diaz and Reps. Maria Robinson and Chynah Tyler became involved in the effort, Williams said.
 "Certainly, we've tried this many, many times. And this is part of Black history. And you can't talk about the American history without talking about Black history," he said. "And most individuals in the Commonwealth have no idea what Black history is."
 Tyler said she grew up attending an annual Juneteenth celebration in Boston's Franklin Park in honor of the continued fight for freedom of African Americans.
 "Today, we are making a tremendous pivot and truly delivering freedom to the African Americans with this amendment," she said at Wednesday's sesion. "Although this is the beginning of the road, I'm committed to helping us as a team deliver a more equitable Commonwealth for African Americans."
 House Speaker Robert DeLeo threw his support behind the amendment on Monday.
 "#Juneteenth reminds us of the most painful parts of America's history and shows us that while progress is possible, we have much more to do," he said in a Tweet. "Proud to sign on to Rep. Williams' Amendment #81 to make Juneteenth a state holiday."
 Gov. Charlie Baker issued a Juneteenth proclamation Friday, and said he looks forward "to working with our legislative colleagues to recognize this important day more widely going forward."
 Asked about the the holiday bills during a press conference last Friday, Baker said he "would look forward to working with the Legislature to come up with an approach to this that puts a much finer emphasis and a bigger point on Juneteenth."


--DocBreak--
Verizon is the latest, and far and away largest, company to join an ongoing advertising boycott of Facebook and Instagram, the cell carrier announced Thursday. The boycott, organized by the Anti-Defamation League, is in response to the social networking giant’s handling of incendiary posts from President Donald Trump, in addition to ongoing difficulties with misinformation which have intensified in recent weeks due to protests against police brutality and racism and other news events which have exposed the flaws of Facebook’s moderation approach.
 Verizon joins ice cream brand Ben & Jerry’s and numerous sports and outdoor life style companies, including The North Face and Patagonia, and film distributor Magnolia Pictures in the boycott. Numerous digital ad agencies also have begun advising clients on what to participate and one, i360, has publicly expressed support, reports _The Wall Street Journal_.
 “We have strict content policies in place and have zero tolerance when they are breached, we take action,” Verizon’s chief media officer John Nitti told _CNBC_ in a statement. “We’re pausing our advertising until Facebook can create an acceptable solution that makes us comfortable and is consistent with what we’ve done with YouTube and other partners.” Facebook didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
 The companies participating, including Verizon, say they intend to pull advertisements throughout July, but to resume purchasing placement on Facebook from then on. Verizon gave no concrete reasoning for the move. Yet the company’s decision aligns with the demands spelled out in an ADL open letter to Facebook advertisers published earlier today that used Verizon as an example of Facebook’s failings, recounting how one of the company’s adverts was found running against a post promoting the fringe QAnon conspiracy theory.

