The Tourism Authority of Thailand’s (TAT) Governor Yuthasak Supasorn, said the tourism sector has started to recover after hitting rock bottom. The TAT is focusing on the promotion of domestic tourism in the first year after the outbreak, attracting regular international Thai travellers, who in total spend some 440 billion baht each year, to make domestic trips. It is expected this strategy should generate no less than 300 billion-baht cashflow for the domestic tourism industries.


--DocBreak--
The company was founded in 1982 in Houston by John and Jerri Banks, who wanted to create an option for breakfast "on the run," although their pastries are now a go-to for business meetings, and other meal-time action including lunch and afternoon snacks.


--DocBreak--
Rangers need to have boys on the sidelines good enough to be in the side. It’s that competition for places that pushes a team to success. This isn’t a season for players to be given time to find their feet.
 Gerrard will be identifying players good enough to come in straight away and stake a claim of a place in his starting XI. That was the vibe I got off him earlier this week.
 The message was if he does identify a player he believes will strengthen the team the Ibrox board will back him.
 That’s not just great news for the manager but music to the ears of every Rangers fan. We saw snippets last season of what Ianis Hagi is all about and he’s arrived on a permanent deal.
 And the £3million forked out to make it happen is a vote of confidence for his potential. There’s no doubt he’s technically gifted and looked ready to push on just before the pandemic hit the pause button.
 This season is going to be massive for him. He’ll need to shoulder creative responsibility and show what a positive impact he can have on the identity of the side.


--DocBreak--
I’m also still unsure what his best position is, coming off the left or right flank or playing more as a No.10.
 Time will tell where Gerrard is going to deploy him and whether that fee which will represent good or bad business.
 I don’t know too much about Calvin Bassey who’s come in from Leicester but what I’ve been told by a few people in the know is he’s another one with real potential – a top young defender – so hopefully he’ll hit the ground running.
 Jon McLaughlin is on board and he’s a keeper I’ve always liked. We needed to get someone in who was quality to replace Wes Foderingham who was a capable deputy to Allan McGregor.
 There will also be one or two loan signings as there are diamonds out there. But I like signings who are fully committed and loan players aren’t really invested in the future of a club in the same way as a permanent signing.
 Recruitment across all leagues and countries has been slow for a reason and it’s slowly picking back up as lockdown is eased and clubs start to play again and return to training.
 I believe Gerrard knows who he wants and everything I heard from him was encouraging. Rangers need to strengthen across all areas of the pitch but he doesn’t need squad players, he needs immediate impact players.


--DocBreak--
“If one day, I felt a bit off colour, I would sit next to him. I was bloody Errol Flynn in comparison. But give him a ball and a yard of grass, and he was an artist, the Picasso of our game.
 “Rarely could there have been a more unlikely looking professional athlete... scruffy, unfit, uninterested waste of time...but something told me he was worth persevering with and he became one of the finest deliverers of a football I have ever seen – in Britain or anywhere else in the world – as fine as the Brazilians or the supremely gifted Italians.”
 Clough played Robertson in every game for four straight years as Nottingham Forest conquered Europe two seasons in a row.
 The first time, in Munich in 1979, the lad from Viewpark, Uddingston – the same neck of the woods that gifted us Jimmy Johnstone – darted to the byeline leaving three Malmo defenders chasing a shadow before delivering the perfect left-footed cross for Trevor Francis to score the only goal.
 The following year, in Madrid, Robertson cut in off the left, played a one-two with Gary Birtles, shuttled the ball on to his right foot and smashed home the only goal of a game that left Kevin Keegan’s Hamburg in tears.
 A year further on, Wembley. England v Scotland. Penalty to Scotland and Robbo dispatched the winning goal.


--DocBreak--
Now is your opportunity to live in a newly-built, 2,906-square-foot Townhome with an integrated garage and front porch with tranquil views. Combining an open floor plan with an elegant design and superb craftsmanship, this stunning home provides a spacious living area with light sconces and a gas fireplace with a rock façade.
 There is also a large dining area for special gatherings.
 The chef’s kitchen is also marvelous. It offers a large sink and top-tier, stainless-steel appliances (including a gorgeous gas stove), granite countertops, glass backsplash, and a double-waterfall island and breakfast bar. The Shaker cabinets, which are made of solid wood and dovetailed, feature a row of high cabinets with frosted glass. Nearby, is a butler’s pantry with more cabinetry, a dishwasher, wine refrigerator, and another sink.
 A beautiful half-bath also serves this level.
 There are so many special touches that make this Townhome extraordinary: crown molding, traditional-meets-urban designed lighting and pickled hardwood flooring throughout, as well as the stained, custom-designed hand rails and staircase light sensors.
 Ascend the stairs or take your private elevator to the upper-level hallway with a large linen closet and a laundry area with a washer/dryer hookup. Both carpeted bedroom suites on this floor provide cathedral ceilings, walk-in closets, balconies, and spa-baths with glass-enclosed steam showers/saunas. The master bedroom features a sliding wooden door opening to a water closet, as well as a deep-soaking Jacuzzi tub, and double-vanity sink.
 The other bedroom suite offers a mid-level gas fireplace and an entire wall with built-in space for storing clothes!
 A spacious room with 3 closets and the same pickled hardwood flooring on the fourth floor could be utilized as a bedroom, office, or art room. Additionally, the carpeted first floor contains another finished room, and a full bath with tiled shower/flooring. Transform this space into a theatre, recreation room, or a bedroom. A door in the beautiful tiled foyer on this level opens to an oversized garage with storage space.


--DocBreak--
“That’s great to see, because it shows how keen the lads are and how desperate they are to get back.
 “We can’t wait until we get the green light and we can get back training, even if it is in fewer numbers and we have to take social distancing into account.
 “If we have to use separate equipment and stuff, we’ll take all these measures. We’re just desperate to get the boys back out on the pitch.”


--DocBreak--
On Wednesday, June 17th, 2020, Frank Ross, loving husband, father, grandfather, and great grandfather, peacefully passed away, surrounded by his family, at the age of 86. Frank was born on May 18th, 1934 in Corrachree, Logie Coldstone in Cromar, Aberdeenshire, Scotland to Alexander and Jean Ross. He was one of seven siblings. He attended high school at Grantown on Spey and went on to complete a 4-year apprenticeship in Engineering in Carnoustie, Scotland. He was lucky enough to meet his wife, Chrissie, at a Scottish country dance at the Beach Ballroom in Carnoustie. On January 28th, 1956, he married Christine R. Todd at Eassie Parish Church, Angus, Scotland. Frank joined the Corp of Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME) based in Tidworth, England. Frank and Chrissie had their firstborn son Frank Jr. in 1957 and later their daughter Jacquie and son, Grant. Frank and Chrissie made the difficult decision to emigrate to the United States, and in May of 1963, Frank came to Sunnyvale, CA, and Chrissie and their three children followed him in October. Many of Chrissie's family also emigrated and settled in the bay area of California. Their family grew by two more daughters, Adeline and Kimberly.A lover of the outdoors, and animals, Frank moved his young family to a small farm in Lodi, CA, where they tended cattle, chickens, Guinea fowl, and a horse, Big Red. Frank also enjoyed keeping bees. Frank worked as a supervisor for Pacific Coast Producers until the late 1980s. Like his father, he loved working with wood and turned his skills to custom cabinet making. Frank enjoyed designing and building kitchen cabinets and making furniture for his family, including a baby's cradle, passed down for his grandchildren. He was always available to friends and family to help with their building projects, and he worked on the construction of 3 new homes in Lodi, CA. He was a long-time member of Grace Presbyterian Church.Frank was an avid golfer and appreciated a fine single malt whiskey. Adventure was always around the corner, crisscrossing the US in their RV, camping with their grandkids at Casper beach on the Mendocino Coast. Great trips back to Scotland to visit relatives and attend family weddings. Travels to Mexico, Hawaii, Israel, Alaska, Canada, NYC, Lake Tahoe, and San Diego always kept them on the go. He loved best to be surrounded by his family and extended family. He loved to dance a Scottish reel with Chrissie, and he's swung his daughter's and granddaughter's until they skirled with joy. Always up for a good laugh, he's been known to pull more than one practical joke, and never slow to laugh at himself. He's been called a quiet and humble man, loving and generous to everyone he met.He is survived by his wife Chrissie, his son, Frank and daughter-in-law Lori, daughter Jacquie Bernier, son Grant and daughter-in-law Gayle, daughter Addy Grant and son-in-law Paul Grant, and daughter Kimberly, his grandchildren; Jennifer and Ian Ambrose, Heather, Clinton and Kirsten Johnson, Jason, Jack, and Allie Ross and William Leonard, two great-grandchildren; Lachlan and Kai Ambrose, his sister Ann Gamgee, brother Robert Ross, sister-in-law Mary Ross, sister Tibbie Halliday, sister Sheena Bray and brother-in-law Don Bray. Frank has 31 nieces and nephews in California, Canada, and the UK. He is also survived by his loyal, furry companion Zoey.In lieu of flowers, contributions to Grace Presbyterian Church of Lodi and Lewy Body Dementia Association (LBDA) is appreciated.


--DocBreak--
Beautifully staged with furniture that can be purchased, this Unit B3 Townhome on The Green is connected to city water and provides 2,906 square feet of luxurious living area, 2 gas fireplaces, cathedral ceilings, 200-amp electrical service, central air-conditioning, bottled-gas forced hot air heat, a septic system, and a private elevator that will bring you from the first floor to the fourth.
 Additionally, The Preserve is located close to cultural activities, restaurants, shopping venues, and schools. Commute quickly by ground on Interstate-95 or by helicopter - landing on The Preserve’s helipad.
 This Townhome is located at the heart of a modern village green - a short stroll or golf-cart ride away from the Sporting Shoppe and just about any sport you can imagine.
 Plus, all homeowners enjoy full concierge services, as well as gourmet dining, a lounge, and special-event space at the 25,000-square-foot Members Lodge.
 “It is our pleasure to help you enjoy your passion,” Marketing and Sales Director Randi Medici of The Preserve said smiling.
 The listing price for this 4-bedroom, 4.5-bath Townhome at 87 Kingstown Road in Richmond’s Wyoming Village in Rhode Island is $1.35 Million. The monthly association fee is $1,000.
 Now more than ever, people are feeling the need to leave metropolitan areas. There is a solution: Stay in one of The Preserve’s short or long-term rentals available.
 “We offer a creative alternative for those who want the ultimate comforts of home with an emphasis on safety, convenience, and privacy,” said Paul Mihailides, chairman of The Preserve Club & Residences.
 “Stays at The Preserve include deluxe accommodations in homes and townhomes with fully-stocked kitchens, laundry facilities, private bedrooms, spa-like bathrooms, housekeeping, and concierge services,” Medici added. “Each home is well equipped with wireless Internet, cable television and other amenities. Guests can enjoy dining delivery, private chef services, and personalized to- go culinary options.”
 For more information about Townhome Unit B3, other homes for sale, or to learn about short and long-term rentals available, contact Randi Medici at The Preserve Club & Residences, 87 Kingstown Road in Richmond, Rhode Island’s Wyoming Village. Call her at 401-539-4653, or email her at randi@thepreserveri.com.


--DocBreak--
“What the President's doing right now, is he wants to magnify his base and he wants to get that voter participation up 10% from where it was in 2016, and he's done the math. He knows if he can get it up 10%, he has a very high likelihood of winning in those swing states that he needs to win.”


--DocBreak--
New COVID-19 program gets Texas restaurants up to speed on protocols


--DocBreak--
On Wednesday, June 17th, 2020, Frank Ross, loving husband, father, grandfather, and great grandfather, peacefully passed away, surrounded by his family, at the age of 86. Frank was born on May 18th, 1934 in Corrachree, Logie Coldstone in Cromar, Aberdeenshire, Scotland to Alexander and Jean Ross. He was one of seven siblings. He attended high school at Grantown on Spey and went on to complete a 4-year apprenticeship in Engineering in Carnoustie, Scotland. He was lucky enough to meet his wife, Chrissie, at a Scottish country dance at the Beach Ballroom in Carnoustie. On January 28th, 1956, he married Christine R. Todd at Eassie Parish Church, Angus, Scotland. Frank joined the Corp of Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME) based in Tidworth, England. Frank and Chrissie had their firstborn son Frank Jr. in 1957 and later their daughter Jacquie and son, Grant. Frank and Chrissie made the difficult decision to emigrate to the United States, and in May of 1963, Frank came to Sunnyvale, CA, and Chrissie and their three children followed him in October. Many of Chrissie's family also emigrated and settled in the bay area of California. Their family grew by two more daughters, Adeline and Kimberly.   A lover of the outdoors, and animals, Frank moved his young family to a small farm in Lodi, CA, where they tended cattle, chickens, Guinea fowl, and a horse, Big Red. Frank also enjoyed keeping bees. Frank worked as a supervisor for Pacific Coast Producers until the late 1980s. Like his father, he loved working with wood and turned his skills to custom cabinet making. Frank enjoyed designing and building kitchen cabinets and making furniture for his family, including a baby's cradle, passed down for his grandchildren. He was always available to friends and family to help with their building projects, and he worked on the construction of 3 new homes in Lodi, CA. He was a long- time member of Grace Presbyterian Church.   Frank was an avid golfer and appreciated a fine single malt whiskey. Adventure was always around the corner, crisscrossing the US in their RV, camping with their grandkids at Casper beach on the Mendocino Coast. Great trips back to Scotland to visit relatives and attend family weddings. Travels to Mexico, Hawaii, Israel, Alaska, Canada, NYC, Lake Tahoe, and San Diego always kept them on the go. He loved best to be surrounded by his family and extended family. He loved to dance a Scottish reel with Chrissie, and he's swung his daughter's and granddaughter's until they skirled with joy. Always up for a good laugh, he's been known to pull more than one practical joke, and never slow to laugh at himself. He's been called a quiet and humble man, loving and generous to everyone he met.   He is survived by his wife Chrissie, his son, Frank and daughter-in-law Lori, daughter Jacquie Bernier, son Grant and daughter-in-law Gayle, daughter Addy Grant and son-in-law Paul Grant, and daughter Kimberly, his grandchildren; Jennifer and Ian Ambrose, Heather, Clinton and Kirsten Johnson, Jason, Jack, and Allie Ross and William Leonard, two great-grandchildren; Lachlan and Kai Ambrose, his sister Ann Gamgee, brother Robert Ross, sister-in-law Mary Ross, sister Tibbie Halliday, sister Sheena Bray and brother-in-law Don Bray. Frank has 31 nieces and nephews in California, Canada, and the UK. He is also survived by his loyal, furry companion Zoey.   In lieu of flowers, contributions to Grace Presbyterian Church of Lodi and Lewy Body Dementia Association (LBDA) is appreciated.


--DocBreak--
Calming Baby Soothers That Work Like a Charm


--DocBreak--
Heart to Heart with Hillary

