HUNTINGTON — Nearly 50 years later, it still goes down as a WOW moment. A football team playing just its second game following the loss of virtually its entire squad in a plane crash less than a year earlier scores a touchdown on the final play of the game to win. On a screen pass no less.
 WOW. What a way to start the rebuilding process after one of the greatest tragedies in sports and worst airline sports disaster ever.
 That sums up what transpired on Sept. 25, 1971 when Marshall University’s Young Thundering Herd stunned Xavier University, 15-13. Quarterback Reggie Oliver hooked up with running back Terry Gardner on a “213 bootleg screen” that went for the game-winning score and set off a wild celebration for the 13,000 fans watching that sunny day in Fairfield Stadium. I still remember it well. How? I had a front-row view. Literally. I was a sophomore quarterback who did see action earlier in the game and one who proudly took part in the never ending post-game hoopla.
 But first. Flashback to Nov. 13-14, 1970. On that Friday, I bid farewell to my varsity teammates before they boarded a plane to fly — yes fly — to the game against East Carolina in Greenville, North Carolina. My teammates gave another valiant effort the next afternoon, but lost, 17-14, a loss I would bet some were reflecting on when they got on the jet in Kinston to make the return flight home. I, a freshman then, would never see them again. No one would. That Southern Airways jet crashed short of the runway at Tri-State Airport on the rainy Saturday night. All 75 passengers died. Players, several coaches, administration officials and Big Green supporters gone in an instant. WOW again. You can’t help but have that feeling even today.
 Time quickly passed and football continued. That hour came to pick up the pieces. The Young Herd, with Jack Lengyel aboard as the new head coach, got through spring ball. The NCAA provided an assist when it allowed Marshall to use freshmen in 1971. A collegiate first. A boost for recruiting, and then add all the walk-ons, some from basketball and soccer, to the returnees from the freshman team and Marshall was back in the gridiron business.
 The 1971 opener is Sept. 18 against rival Morehead State, about an hour away west down Interstate 64. Marshall fans still make that familiar drive today. The Eagles won, 29-6, but the Young Herd officially was back on the football radar, though just a tiny, tiny blip. Now time for the home opener against Xavier.
 Thundering Herd fans know all about that one thanks to either being there, reading about it, watching highlights, watching the documentary “Ashes to Glory” or movie “We Are Marshall.” Warner Bros. did that one and Matthew McConaughey topped the actors class as coach Lengyel. What’s sad is three of the prominent role players in the movie are no longer with us. Nate Ruffin, a defensive back and inspirational post-tragedy leader of the team, along with the pass-catch combo of Oliver and Gardner have all passed away.
 I got a part as an assistant coach for Xavier. For years I wondered how the Musketeers reacted after the loss. The movie gave me a first-hand experience. Losing to Marshall? That rag-tag bunch, one you were expected to easily handle. One long trek. ... up the ramp in 1971 and to the locker room at the end of the movie.
 Later, while I was working in sports for The Herald-Dispatch, I got to interview Paul Smith in December, 2007. He then was guidance counselor and testing coordinator at Archbishop Moeller High School in Cincinnati. In 1971, he started at quarterback for Xavier. Three players who died in the plane crash, Bobby Harris, Jack Repasy and Mark Andrew, are Moeller alums. Smith also had been an assistant football coach at Moeller. Lengyel met Smith when he went to Moeller to talk to the team and help them deal with a tragedy. Prior to the season, two Crusaders were killed (Jordan Bessey in a car accident and Andy Carter in a shooting).
 In December 2006, some former Xavier players, including Smith, gathered with a newspaper reporter and then-Herd defensive back Felix Jordan from that Marshall team at a Cincinnati theater for a private screening of “We Are Marshall.” Smith put all these events in perspective, starting with when he discovered Hollywood would make a long-anticipated movie.
 “What took them so long,” he would say. “That’s something you never forget. I didn’t need a movie. I have memories of all kinds of games. That’s the one I talk about most.”
 While I passed the time away that Nov. 14, Xavier won a home game over the Quantico Marines, 35-27. That evening the Musketeers got the news about the crash. The Herd had beaten Xavier, 31-14, on Oct. 3 in Cincinnati.
 “It was pretty devastating,” Smith said. “You can’t imagine anything like that happening. Some guys at Xavier were from Huntington. We saw the photos. We all were in shock.


--DocBreak--
There’s a Soderberghian energy that’s deployed as we watch our fraudsters realize how knotted up they are in the can’t-harm-anyone threads they decided to tug on _juuuuuust_ a bit, and a triumphant practicality in the true-to-life act of high school journalism that exposed it for all to see.


--DocBreak--
The 34-year-old Lins (14-5-0) signed with the UFC on the back of knocking out Josh (Cuddly Bear) Copeland in December to win the Professional Fighters League heavyweight title and the $1-million prize that accompanied it.
 Boser was coming off a December loss in Busan, South Korea, to France's Ciryl (Bon Gamin) Gane, a former heavyweight champion in the Montreal-based TKO promotion.
 The six-foot-two Boser, a former heavyweight title-holder in Alberta's Unified MMA promotion, won a decision over Daniel (Daddy Long Legs) Spitz in October.
 Boser said before the bout he was dedicating Saturday's fight to former jiu- jitsu coach Jake Sansom, who was killed in March in northern Alberta. Two men face second-degree murder charges in the death of Sansom and his uncle Maurice Cardinal.
 Dustin (The Diamond) Poirier, ranked No 3 among lightweight contenders, faced No. 5 Dan (The Hangman) Hooker in the main event Saturday at the UFC's Apex production facility.
 Kyle (The Monster) Nelson of Huntsville, Ont., was also due to fight on the card, only to miss out because he could not get his visa in time. The UFC has been assembling shows on short notice as it tries to get its schedule back on track during the COVID-19 pandemic.
 This report by The Canadian Press was first published June 27, 2020.


--DocBreak--
The National Sea Rescue Institute (NSRI) sent out a warning to South Coast residents that they ought to steer clear of the beaches as a significant increase in shark traffic was being detected.  On Tuesday 23 June, it became clear that they weren’t kidding. Teenager Zach Berman, from Cape Town, captured footage of a great white shark cruising perilously close to unaware surfers in Plettenberg Bay, and was able to alert the Sea Rescue authorities in case anyone was hurt. Berman posted the footage on his Instagram, where it’s going viral. The footage was captured by 14-year-old nature enthusiast Zach Berman, who is spending time in Plettenberg Bay documenting wildlife during lockdown.  He said that he was monitoring the sharks before things got seriously hairy and he saw the shark in question heading to the group of surfers. The NSRI said on Tuesday that the incident was all the proof the public needs that their warnings should be taken seriously. They reiterated their plea for surfers and residents to avoid getting in the water while the influx of sharks continues between Mossel Bay and Jeffreys Bay.


--DocBreak--
“Because of the outbreak of the pandemic coronavirus all over the world, it is not possible to hold face to face meetings, and as a result, we have had to follow the process of negotiation over the revision of the statutes through videoconferencing, emails and letters, given the circumstances,” he said.


--DocBreak--
The tankers carried 1,520,000 barrels of gasoline and diesel fuel to Venezuela. There was also a team of Iranian engineers and specialists from the oil industry on board heading for the country.


--DocBreak--
HUNTINGTON — Students shared fond memories and a special moment during Wayne High School’s 96th commencement Saturday evening.
 Rain or shine, Wayne High seniors, faculty and families were determined to make the most of their opportunity for in-person graduation — an experience student body vice president Nicole Riniti didn’t think she’d get three months ago.
 “That’s the thing with our class — my whole life I’ve heard the joke, ‘Oh, Class of 2020, we’ve got that 2020 vision.’ It’s ironic because I don’t think anybody saw any of this coming,” said Riniti.
 Principal Sara Stapleton said the day was one she and the superintendent were eagerly awaiting when news of reopening began.
 The day West Virginia Gov. Jim Justice gave the green light for outdoor gatherings, Superintendent Todd Alexander was putting plans together to make graduation happen.
 Walker Tatum, student body president, said in his closing speech that getting to graduate on Marshall University’s football field was an unexpected bonus of the pandemic.
 “Though our graduation was not in the (Mountain Health Arena) as we intended, I think that we can all agree that this is pretty cool,” said Tatum.
 The stadium was filled with happy tears, celebrating scholarship recipients, singing “Happy Birthday” to a classmate and giving a standing ovation as graduate Allie Gilkerson walked across the field at Joan C. Edwards Stadium to accept her diploma.


--DocBreak--
The rally called, "Cops against Injustice" was an opportunity to hear their take in light of incidents involving police officers, like the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis.


--DocBreak--
Forgive the American people if they're in a fog about face masks. President Donald Trump and the federal government have done a number on them.


--DocBreak--
One of 2020’s most captivating dramas unfolds through blissfully frank vignettes of a years-long friendship increasingly on the rocks. In one minute, we’re watching Mara and Jo (Tallie Medel and Norma Kuhling, respectively, and both excellent) wax poetic about stumbling through life as busy twenty- somethings in New York; the next, we’re swept up in the ferocious tides of time progressively chipping away at a bond while magnifying the consequences of its inevitable end. Writer-director Dan Sallitt doesn’t fetishize the ugliness of his story, nor does “Fourteen” distractedly explain where its devastating power will eventually be rooted in. This isn’t capital-D Drama by any means, and it makes everything we’re seeing feel profound in its mundanity. The filmmaking is on par with the ebb and flow of life itself.

