Griffin’s breakthrough season led to the Washington Redskins selecting him No. 2 overall in the 2012 draft. He earned offensive rookie of the year and led the Redskins to the playoffs before injuries sent his career into a tailspin.
 Now he’s part of the 2020 class of the Texas Sports Hall of Fame where he’ll join notable past inductees like Roger Staubach, Troy Aikman and Warren Moon. Unlike those three quarterbacks, Griffin played both high school and college football in Texas.
 “It’s definitely an honor,” Griffin said. “It’s something I never thought about growing up. But my dad trained me and it’s been a heck of a journey, and I’ve had great coaches and teammates.”
 Though Griffin never played at Baylor’s McLane Stadium, he certainly helped build it by sparking the football program’s resurgence and capturing the Heisman.
 When he returns to Waco, it still seems surreal that his statute stands outside the stadium along the Brazos River.
 “It’s weird honestly when I take my wife and kids there,” Griffin said. “I look at most people with statutes, and they’re 60 or 70 years old. There are no words I can say that can express how thrilled I am about it. Coach (Briles) said we’re going to Baylor to do something that’s never been done before, and we did.”
 Though Griffin turned 30 in February and will begin his third season as a backup quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens, he refuses to think that he already reached the pinnacle of his NFL career with his tremendous rookie season.
 Optimism and unwavering trust in his abilities have always fueled Griffin, and he still believes he’s got a comeback left in him.
 “Has it gone the way I wanted?” Griffin said. “No it hasn’t, but when do things go in life like you think they’re supposed to be? Kurt Warner didn’t start until he was 30 and he’s a Hall of Famer. I still can do everything I plan to do. I’ve been healthy the last four years. In football terms, I feel I have at least 10 years of upper echelon football left in me.”
 During his time with the Ravens, Griffin has been a valuable mentor for young quarterback Lamar Jackson. Like Griffin, Jackson won the Heisman Trophy at Louisville in 2016 before the Ravens chose him in the first round of the 2018 draft.
 Jackson has called Griffin a role model, and it’s easy to see why. Combining dangerous passing and running skills, both quarterbacks are cut from the same cloth.
 Last year, Jackson was named the NFL’s most valuable player after passing for 3,127 yards and 36 touchdowns and rushing for 1,206 yards and seven scores while leading the Ravens to the AFC playoffs.
 “When we took Lamar in the draft, I tweeted that I can’t want to get to work with the young buck,” Griffin said. “One of the TV commentators said I don’t know why I said this because he (Griffin) is about to be cut. But it turned out the guy they drafted plays exactly like me.
 “Who would be a better guy than one who runs and moves like him, looks like him?” Griffin said. “He’s been great, he’s been awesome. He’s got a special talent. I appreciate the fact that I’ve been able to experience this with him and our group. I’ve tried to help him every step of the way, be a guiding light.”
 Serving as a mentor to a young quarterback is a completely different role than Griffin has ever experienced before. His unique talent and intellect always pushed him into the spotlight.
 It was that way at Copperas Cove, where he passed for 2,001 yards and 25 touchdowns and rushed for 876 yards and eight scores as a junior in 2006 before passing for 1,356 yards and 16 touchdowns while rushing for 1,285 yards and 24 scores as a senior in 2007.
 Griffin led the Bulldawgs to a 13-2 record and a trip to the 2007 Class 4A Division I championship game where Lamar Consolidated slipped away with a 20-14 win.
 Despite his obvious quarterback skills, some college coaches projected him as a wide receiver or defensive back. But then-Houston coach Art Briles saw his versatility at quarterback, leading Griffin to commit to the Cougars.
 When Briles became Baylor’s coach following the 2007 season, Griffin quickly changed his allegiance to the Bears.
 Though Griffin didn’t start his first college game in 2008 against Wake Forest, he quickly replaced senior Kirby Freeman on the fourth series of the game. The Demon Deacons blew out the Bears, 41-13, but Griffin showed glimpses of his athleticism.
 Though Griffin continued to show promise, the Bears went on to finish 4-8 for their 13th straight losing season. But Griffin didn’t think a lack of talent was the Bears’ biggest issue.


--DocBreak--
So at the end of the day, buying cars online is a new experience, yes, and given that buying cars online is just technology, one should be patient while going through the process.


--DocBreak--
"There was not consensus on using the phrase 'systemic discrimination' or 'systemic racism,"' Trudeau said Friday. "I have been crystal clear that the federal government recognizes it in order to be able to better address it."


--DocBreak--
Pavelka was a ball-seeking missile on Abbott’s 2015 state championship team. He made 136 tackles, including 19 for losses, and five fumble recoveries that season. After the season, Pavelka was rewarded as the Class 1A Division I State Player of the Year and the Super Centex Player of the Year.


--DocBreak--
Trudeau wouldn't say which premiers weren't on board.


--DocBreak--
My climbing friends and I each took a turn on his 5.9 route and declared it “fun.”


  The other routes on the wall dubbed Boot Camp, range from easy 5.10 to easy 5.11.


  “We think that’s 5.11,” my friend said pointing to the left-most route, “unless you go around that bulge to the left, then I think it’s a hard 12.”


  If you’re wondering how to find and climb these routes, go to the normal Playground parking area and park about 150 yards upstream from the cattle guard. Walk through the bar gate and down to the cliff. Hunt for a set of rappel anchors on a small shelf above the cliff. Rappelling down the cliff is probably the easiest way to the base of the cliff. There is a use trail that is accessed another 50 yards up stream and hooks back to follow a ramp down to the base of the wall.


  The wall is in the shade during the morning and in the sun in the afternoon.


  \---


  Last week I mentioned the Adventure Cycling Association’s route system throughout the country. The organization based in Missoula, Mont., recently announced a new bicycle route called Parks, Peaks and Prairies. The 1,374-mile route goes from West Yellowstone, Mont., through Yellowstone National Park to Cody, Wyo., and on to Devil’s Tower, the Black Hills, Mount Rushmore and the Badlands of South Dakota and through Minnesota finishing up in Minneapolis.


  “Our newest route takes in some of our country’s most beautiful natural wonders and national landmarks between the Rocky Mountains and the Midwest, and it brings our route network to a total of 50,000 miles,” said Director of Routes & Mapping Carla Majernik in a news release. “However, we never imagined the challenges of traveling this summer as we designed it. So while 2020 might not be the ideal time to ride the full Parks, Peaks, and Prairies route, it’s a great time to tackle smaller sections if you live nearby or to plan for riding in 2021 and beyond.”


  Durable plastic maps of the route are available as well as a smartphone or tablet app version. The group’s maps and other products can be found at adventurecycling.org/routes-and-maps/.


--DocBreak--
Harrisburg teacher under fire for photo


--DocBreak--
With fireworks sales in full swing, city government reminds residents of the rules


--DocBreak--
Stryker Wood couldn’t get on base to extend the game on Friday during the Bozeman American Legion baseball tournament.


--DocBreak--
Back in Business Gift Card Drawing


--DocBreak--
The Broncos had taken advantage of a couple of Yakima miscues to get their runs, but all that matters is the score on the scoreboard and they found themselves in the contest.


  To the top of the sixth inning the two teams would go, but time was running short as there was a time limit on contests and if things didn’t go quickly for the Broncos, they were going to find themselves short on time to get the win.


  Things didn’t go right for Blackfoot in the top of the sixth as the Yakima nine quickly got runners on base and when the Broncos needed to make a play, they came up empty and before the Broncos could get three outs, Yakima had plated another pair of runs and the two teams headed to the bottom of inning number six with Blackfoot trailing 6-2.


  The Broncos were not about to say die and they began to battle back. First they scored one run. Then they scored another run, but they gave up a precious out to do so.


  With a man on third and Stryker Wood at the plate with two outs. The Broncos still had a chance.


  Wood worked the count to 2-2 when the fatal blow was delivered, the Yakima squad got their third out and the game was called on time with Yakima leading 6-4.


  The loss evened the Broncos’ record in the tournament at 1-1 and they still had a game with Belgrade left for late Friday night. Belgrade had been handled easily by Pocatello’s Runnin Rebs, so Blackfoot figured to have a better than even chance against in the nightcap on Friday.


  The Broncos also had a game on Saturday before the tournament closes out action with Sunday games where the matchups will be determined by the tournament records of the teams.


--DocBreak--
He assured them that instead of increasing, the government is working towards ensuring reductions, all things being equal.


--DocBreak--
News of the new Caribbean/soul food restaurant quickly got around on social media and through word of mouth.


--DocBreak--
Reeves and many other politicians have said people should get to vote on a flag design in another statewide election. The new design -- without the Confederate symbol -- will be put on the ballot Nov. 3, but it will be the only choice. If a majority voting that day accept the new design, it will become the state flag. If a majority reject it, the commission will design a new flag using the same guidelines.


--DocBreak--
Ryan Christie's sink or swim choice that transformed Celtic star from 'skinny runt' to Neil Lennon's vital man - Daily Record


--DocBreak--
This year, there has only been one of those three races run, and it took place last weekend in New York City as Belmont Park ran the Belmont Stakes.


  The only problem is did they really? The race was run without any fans in the grandstands, something that has been the norm since the first of March rather than the exception. In addition, rather than run the race at its traditional distance of one and half miles, the Test of Champions was reduced in distance to a mere one and one-eighth miles, some three furlongs shorter than it has been contested for some 150 years.


  In addition, instead of being the third race in the Triple Crown, this year the Belmont Stakes is the first race in the series and it will be another two months until the Kentucky Derby will take center stage with its race being run this year on Sept. 6 at the famed Churchill Downs. There won’t be a distance change for the Derby, so at least that will remain the same, but what will not be the same is the way that the horses make their way to the Derby.


  In years past, there were always the big Kentucky Derby prep races like the Fountain of Youth Stakes and Florida Derby at Gulfstream Park in Florida and the Lousiana Derby in New Orleans, not to mention the trio of races, the Southwest Stakes, the Rebel Stakes and of course the Arkansas Derby from Oaklawn Park in Hot Springs, Arkansas. By the wayside have gone the Bluegrass Stakes at Keeneland in Lexington, Kentucky and the Santa Anita Derby from Santa Anita in Los Angeles and the Wood Memorial from New York City.


  They have all run at different times in recent days, but they all have had severe changes in them from lower purse money to different distances to racing in front of empty grandstands. It has definitely been a different sort of year.


  The winner of the Belmont Stakes a week ago is a very nice three-year-old and with his win, he has become the horse to beat in the Kentucky Derby two months down the road. Nobody really even knows if he will compete in the race or not, but he is the hot horse right now based upon his authoritative win over the other horses who were assembled.


--DocBreak--
OK, here it is. My full disclosure. My big admission. And naturally, it’s all about age. In the past I’ve been a bit reticent to reveal the actual number of years I’ve accumulated on this planet thus far. It’s not because I’m ashamed of that total, but rather because I sometimes feel like people might look at me differently. We all know the consequences of ageism — people think you’re fragile, or need to be cared for, looked after and eased along, both physically and mentally. They think seniors are slow, both literally and figuratively. In other words, they reckon we’re not at the top of our game or even capable of catching up.


  So having just entered my eight decade on Earth this past May 30, I figure now is as good a time as any for my big reveal — not just because the big SEVEN-OH is definitely a milestone by any measure, but also because it marks a change in my psyche. Suddenly I’m considering my own mortality and the limited number of days that I have left.


  Of course, it’s been a long time since I’ve reconciled myself with the fact that I have more years that I can count in my virtual rearview mirror than those that I can look forward to. It’s a sobering thought to be sure. Suddenly I feel an urgency to try and accomplish all my remaining goals in the quickest time possible. There’s a decided deadline, although naturally, the actual time isn’t set in stone. Of course, I can only hope it doesn’t fall short within the foreseeable future. Then again, it’s not knowing when that day of final reckoning will befall me that makes me all the more impatient to get things done now.


  I have to admit that I never really thought about my mortality before. Yeah, I was aware that I wasn’t going to live forever — at least a little bit. My goal is to live until age 130 and then worry about whatever time that remains at that point. And while you might think that I’m joking, that optimism and ambition was my way of refusing to concede to any countdown.


  Many of us are surprised when we look in the mirror. We see a person who we scarcely recognize, an aged and ancient vision of our former selves. We don’t identify with the senior citizen we see. Instead, we retain the imagery, values, beliefs and ideals that we accumulated early on.


  In my case, it may be a mark of my admitted immaturity, as well a refusal to give in to the expectations society still clings to as far as its elderly are concerned. I never found a fit with being in my 50s. I ignored the fact that I was in my 60s.


  Happily, I had several friends of a similar age and there was a zest and enthusiasm we could readily share between us.


  However, now that I’m 70, I find myself in a rarified segment of the population. Most people are younger than I am, which bestows a certain sense of seniority. I’m a bit envious of those who haven’t reached this milestone yet. “What, you’re only 60?! You’ve got your whole life left to go.”


  Not only am I the oldest one in the room, but I’m likely the oldest one in the entire building!


  I know what you’re thinking. I should practice the lessons I often impart through this column. Value experience and expertise. Equate strength with survival. Don’t stand for disrespect. Wear age as a badge of honor.


  Be assured that I will do all of those things. However, I also feel that it’s OK to remind myself that I have reached a milestone, and it’s an auspicious one at that. At this


  age, youth, promise and possibility often can give way


  to reconciliation, compromise, limitations and acceptance.


  It’s for that reason that I long ago decided that I won’t let age impede me. If I want to hike, I’ll hike. If I want to express my silly sense of humor, I’ll be content to simply amuse myself. Irreverence is in my DNA, and I’m not going to excise that particular additive any time soon.


  I still cherish my music, all the more so because many of my heroes have shown that it’s perfectly possible to rock well into their 80s. In other words, that 35-year-old me is still safely ensconced within this aging shell. Just because he’s peering out and seeing his grandfather doesn’t mean he has to feel less secure.


  Besides, there’s something to be said for that axiom, “birthdays sure beat the alternative.”


  So all I ask is that you give me time to adjust and alter my mindset.


  Oh, an occasional compliment inferring that I don’t look my age would be appreciated as well. Even if you say, “Gee Lee, you don’t look a day over 69!”


--DocBreak--
A historic NASCAR dirt track has been preserved as a popular Orange County hiking trail.
 Occoneechee Speedway was one of the first two tracks to open for NASCAR’s inaugural season in 1949. Bill France Sr., the founder and longtime president of NASCAR, purchased a horse-racing track that was squeezed in between horseshoe bends of the Eno River and converted it for motor sports use. It is the only dirt track from that season that still survives.
 Thirteen Hall-of-Fame drivers including Junior Johnson, Fireball Roberts and Ned Jarrett took the checkered flag in the track’s 32 Grand National races between 1949 and 1968. Buck Baker, Richard Petty and his father, Lee Petty, each won three races at the track.


--DocBreak--
Tiz The Law is his name and he has become everybody’s darling today, as we look down the road to the big races that still remain on the schedule for these budding superstars.


  By the wayside have fallen some very nice horses, such as Nadal, who was four for four with over $1 million in earnings before an injury knocked him off the trail with an injury. He has been retired and will be moving to his new career as a stud in the spring.


  Gone also is the superlative horse Charlatan, who has never been beat and is three for three before he wrenched an ankle that will likely keep him from the Derby, but some of the later three year old races in the fall.


  Last year’s Breeder’s Cup Juvenile winner hasn’t seemed to be able to find his best stride this spring, but word is that he has suddenly started to pick things up in his workouts and is looking like a threat later in the summer.


  Others will come and go and there is always a new horse around every corner, those that are late bloomers like Cezanne, who cost his owners $3.65million at the auction last spring and has just taken his first step as a racehorse and is unbeaten after one race. It is very possible that he could be the next Arrogate, who came along as a late blooming three year old to become the all time winningest horse with over $17 million in earnings or Justify, who went six for six from March to November and won the triple crown in unheard of fashion.


  And what about the newest star of racing, Gamine, a three year old filly, who broke her maiden in February, won an allowance race at Oaklawn in March and just won the Grade 1 Acorn Stake at one mile at Belmont Park and did so by running within one fifth of a second of the world record of Dr. Fager set back in the 60’s. We just don’t know how fast she might really be, she only won the race by over 18 lengths.


  We are slowly coming out of the doldrums of the restriction placed on us by COVID-19 and we are seeing race tracks now allowing fans to attend and we are hearing rumors of professional sporting teams and leagues working diligently to get back on the fields within the next month.


  Things are seemingly starting to get back to a more normal state, or at least we all hope so.


  What will racing bring us in the final six months of the year? Only time will tell us the ending to that story, but one thing is for sure, You Ain’t Seen Nothing Yet!


--DocBreak--
If 2020 had gone as planned, Chari Hawkins would be competing this week for a spot on the United States Olympic track and field team.


  The U.S. Olympic Trials were scheduled to start June 19 at a newly remodeled Hayward Field at the University of Oregon with Hawkins’ event, heptathlon, concluding today.


  The arrival of COVID-19 to the U.S. not only postponed the Trials, but the entire timeline for athletes aiming to compete at the Summer Olympics originally scheduled for next month in Tokyo. The status of the Games was settled March 24, when the International Olympic Committee and Tokyo Organizing Committee announced that the Games would be postponed to July 2021. By April 21, USA Track and Field had postponed the U.S. Olympic Trials for track and field to June 2021.


--DocBreak--
Green's boom of a voice has been unearthed in a different way than fans of Goodie Mob are used to hearing. (Green, by the way, says a new project with the Atlanta hip-hop crew is in the works.) And, it wouldn't be a surprise if the latest single, "People Watching," with its breezy finger-popping bounce, turns into a ubiquitous earworm this summer.


--DocBreak--
For Crying Out Loud


--DocBreak--
The defender is gutted he didn’t get the chance to show the kind of form that saw him join the Tigers in a part exchange that saw Sam Clucas move to the Liberty Stadium in a £15million deal.


  A persistent hip injury meant he got just 10 outings in his first season and eight in the current campaign that sandwiched his most productive season when Hull were knocking on the door of the play-offs.


  Kingsley left a team on a horror run of 13 games without a win before yesterday’s trip to Birmingham City that has left them   languishing in the relegation zone.


  Fans have held protests against owner Assem Allam and the club have banned local media from attending games.


  Kingsley could be forgiven for being glad to be out of the picture.


--DocBreak--
"Our clientele, because of where we are in Hoover, we get a mixture of everyone," Moore says. "For the most part, it's really just been word of mouth, and just good reviews from people who have had good experiences when they come in here."


--DocBreak--
The project will also include former South Africa international Daryl Cullinan, who will be on board with the title 'direcor of coaching'.


--DocBreak--
Kylie Jenner under fire for 'not paying' apparel workers in Bangladesh


--DocBreak--
"It's not this cookie-cutter kind of approach. I'm not that kind of artist. Even before this project took shape, Dan knew I could do it, and I love that," Green said. "I'm a daredevil. Do you want to see me play it safe, or do you want to see me survive another stunt?"


--DocBreak--
Six-man football has historically been a sport played out in the country, a long way from the bright lights in the big cities.
 In the last decade, however, fans who love six man can experience and enjoy it just about anywhere. Such was the case when Brad Russell and his cousin Tyler Russell were watching the 2015 Six-Man Division I state championship game on a computer in Las Vegas.
 The Russells were in Nevada to take in the National Finals Rodeo, but the former Abbott football players couldn’t resist cheering on the Panthers from afar.


--DocBreak--
When it comes to Madhuri Dixit Nene’s dancing skills, the actor has always been ahead of the curve. In case you missed it, the star also has a dance academy named Dance with Madhuri (DWM), and recently, the actor also took to her official Instagram account to announce the launch of her academy's Summer Dance Camp, an online initiative for to help her users to stay positive during the lockdown. "Summer camps have been an important part of my life and I have learned a lot of new things during those times. With the ongoing global lockdown, we didn't want people losing an opportunity to learn something new, hence the entire team decided to have a digital summer camp where users can learn something new and also can relieve their stress within the sanctity of their own homes," said Dixit Nene explained. For the video, the actor, who isn’t afraid of experimenting with bold hues, picked a deep red blouse. Scroll down to take a closer peek at her ensemble.


--DocBreak--
Weird and Pissed Off


--DocBreak--
That’s the level the 25-year-old is at now – a key player for the Premiership champions and a vital cog in Steve Clarke’s Scotland side.


  Warren was Inverness captain when Christie came off the bench for his competitive debut on 29 December, 2013, ironically against Celtic.


  He’d been introduced to the group by boss John Hughes and the big Englishman admits he feared for the youngster’s survival.


  But that all changed as soon as Christie got on the ball.


  Stopper Warren told _MailSport_ : “The first time I really took notice of Ryan was when Yogi took over at Inverness and threw him in with us.


  “He basically just told him ‘Sink or swim’ and when I first saw him, I thought ‘Who’s this skinny little runt?’.


  “I was saying he won’t last five minutes at this level but Ryan’s a clever footballer. For someone so slight, he was mentally strong in terms of wanting to get on the ball.


  “He had just joined the first team but immediately demanded it. They’re the best players you’ll ever come across, the ones who don’t shy away from it.


--DocBreak--
“Ryan would take it under pressure in small, possession games.


  “Even though he wasn’t the strongest at first, he learned how to deal with the knocks and bounce straight back up. He’d get volleyed all over the place, get up and ask for the ball again.


  “He was playing against some big boys in our team. We had lads kicking him in training, but that gave him a great grounding.


  “I watch him now for Celtic and he’s still taking the ball under pressure. And he’s a strong boy. He doesn’t take no messing about from anyone.”


  Even when Christie struggled to make an impact at Parkhead and was sent on loan to Aberdeen, Warren had no doubt that it was only delaying the inevitable.


  He’s now a pivotal player for Lennon and Warren said: “When it didn’t happen for him right away at Celtic and he went on loan, I never once thought it was a step too far for him.


  “But, again, that shows his character and how determined he was to succeed there. Now, he’s getting his rewards for that.


  “Ryan wanted to become a better player. He would stay out after training at Inverness to do extra.


--DocBreak--
"We had to think way ahead and err on the side of caution," Hopper said. "When you start thinking about municipal court running during the pandemic, it's kind of a challenge."


--DocBreak--
"It's been an overwhelming experience for me," she says. "The community just welcomed us with open arms. I couldn't believe it.


--DocBreak--
National data standards in the works after COVID 19 highlighted info gaps: Hajdu


--DocBreak--
But within hours of the tweet, all hell broke loose. The Booker Prize Foundation, which was established 40 years ago by Lady Nicholson and her late husband, Sir Michael Harris Caine, initially distanced itself from her comments, before announcing it was cutting ties with her and three fellow vice presidents altogether. It followed pressure from writers, including Damian Barr, a bestselling gay novelist, who claimed that Lady Nicholson, who voted against same-sex marriage in the Lords in 2013, would “have the wedding ring off my finger”.


--DocBreak--
The Farm also hosts numerous tournaments each year and has two turf fields with another in the works.


--DocBreak--
National data standards in the works after COVID 19 highlighted info gaps: Hajdu - The Turtle Island News


--DocBreak--
A story within a story and then some, the new HBO docuseries “I’ll Be Gone in the Dark” (9 p.m., TV-MA) explores one amateur sleuth’s search for the truth, and how that quest became an unhealthy and all-consuming addiction.
 On one level, “Dark” looks into the unsolved “career” of the so-called Golden State Killer, a man who raped more than 50 women before murdering at least 10. We meet women, now into middle age, who were raped by a masked man as he terrorized the Sacramento area in the 1970s. As horrific as these stories can be, they have become all-too-familiar programming, inspiring whole cable network schedules dedicated to women who survived peril as well as those who didn’t.
 On top of this story, we meet amateur crime investigator Michelle McNamara, who used the internet, her blog and old-fashioned legwork to rekindle interest in the unsolved case. She was hardly the only one looking into the story. But she became a one-woman clearinghouse for information, knitting together accounts of victims, chatroom “experts” and retired law enforcement and court personnel who shared her frustrations about this cold case.


--DocBreak--
"That has been a weakness for us all along is our ability to actually understand what's happening nationally," Hajdu said.


--DocBreak--
I have always been aware that inequity exists in the workplace. I have been woefully unaware the extent to which it affects the Black community. To that end, I’m learning. And like many of you, I am committed to learning from those crushed by those entrenched bad policies, bad practices and bad behaviors that too many of us who are white have been unaware, for no reason greater than it wasn’t happening to us … it wasn’t happening to me.
 This is a different type of column than those I typically share with you. This one is personal. How could it not be? Like you, I am worried about health and income. I’m worried about my children, grandchildren, extended family and friends. And like you, I am worried about the future of this country that I love and thought I understood. To that end, there’s more, much more to consider, discuss and do.
 I’ve typically written this column focused on what you can do to be better employees, leaders, managers, team players. I haven’t written a column that addresses racism in the workplace. I haven’t written a column that addresses both the profound and subtle disrespect shown to people who, for reasons no greater than skin color, are treated less-than, by those who presume themselves, because they are white, to be more-than. Today, that changes. Today, it’s my turn to commit to actions I have too passively expected of others.
 As a white woman, I have been looking the other way far longer than I might expect forgiveness. As a white woman trying to do the right thing, I’m discouraged when the support I seek from other whites is superficial or appears that way. It is neither acceptable nor conscionable that my Black peers have to prove themselves good enough, appreciative enough, worthy enough to get the golden ticket to the sacred spaces at work or community from those who only by dint of color make the decisions about who belongs and who doesn’t without ever having to justify why.


--DocBreak--
“I’ve got the tools to manage it now but I’m disappointed I couldn’t give my best for Hull, a club that gave me so much.


  “I need to move on now. Alba is only eight weeks old so family is my priority and all options will be considered.


  “I won’t rule anything out and I’m looking forward to seeing what’s there. Life has changed for myself and my wife Maxine – it’s just so extreme right now.


  “We were expecting our first child and it was an exciting and amazing time – but crazy too during lockdown.


  “The break has given me the motivation to push even harder and get back to the level I was at when I moved to Swansea.


  “Every player wants to be in the Premier League and I’m proud to have played games in the best league in the world.


  “I’m aiming towards there but I need game time to show what I believe I can give.


  “I feel great and fit now. I’ve learned a lot in my time at Hull both on and off the park.


--DocBreak--
Jerry Painter clips a bolted hanger on a new wall called “Boot Camp” just upstream from the popular “Playground” area in the Blackfoot River canyon east of Firth.


--DocBreak--
Madhuri Dixit Nene may be fond of her kurtas and saris, but every once in a while, you'll spot the actor in eye-catching dresses and blouses too. For her video, she picked a red blouse that came with buttons down its front. While the ruffle detailing added a romantic touch to her outfit, the micro pleating on the bodice added another interesting element to her at-home look. She accessorised her OOTD with an elegant gold chain. Staying in line with her outfit, the star kept her beauty sharp with cat eyes, pink lipstick and open hair.


--DocBreak--
“I want you to climb these and see if we have our (difficulty) ratings right, “ he said. “After spending so much time on these routes, I’m not sure I can tell anymore.”


  It was getting late into the evening and after climbing at a wall farther down stream, we only had time to check out one of his routes.


  “I’ll try out your 5.9,” I told him. “I usually try out a 9 at new areas to get a taste of difficulties.”


  He spent the next 5 minutes telling us about how he got spanked on a 5.8 in Arizona, but Colorado ratings were supposed to be “way softer.” “At least that’s what I hear,” he said. “I’ve never climbed there.”


  I just laughed and responded with a “whatever” to let him know he was a bit off base.


  The routes were mostly clean and well-bolted. Most new sport climbing routes require a lot of work cleaning off loose or suspect rock on the walls. Basalt rock like the walls in the Blackfoot River canyon is no exception. It can take hours prying off the junk before people feel it’s safe.


  “You have to call it quits sometime,” my friend said of the cleaning process. “I think you could keep digging off rock all the way past the Wolverine Road.”


--DocBreak--
The Bears’ biggest moment came in a 45-38 win over Oklahoma on Nov. 19 when Griffin scrambled to escape pressure and rifled a 34-yard pass to Terrance Williams for the winning touchdown with eight seconds remaining.
 “I was moving to the left and threw to the right,” Griffin said. “Terrance ran a vertical route and broke off to the right and I threw the ball. Terrance caught the ball and the crowd erupted. If I had thrown it a split second later it wouldn’t have been a touchdown.”
 Griffin was invited to the Heisman Trophy ceremony in New York City where he faced stiff competition against Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck, Alabama running back Trent Richardson, Wisconsin running back Montee Ball and LSU defensive back Tyrann Mathieu.
 But Briles comforted Griffin moments before the announcement.
 “Coach Briles sat me down and put his arm around me and said ‘Don’t worry Griffy, we’re about to take this one home,'” Griffin said. “Then they said, ‘Robert Griffin, Baylor University,’ and the rest is history. I remember the reaction in Waco, and it sent chills down my spine. One thing I’ll always remember is you don’t know how much something means to people until you do it. A kid from a private school won a national award. That was our national championship.”
 Griffin was at his charismatic best on that December night in the Big Apple. Dressed in a black pinstripe suit, Griffin lifted his pants leg to reveal Superman socks complete with a red cape.
 “When you go to a Heisman ceremony, you should wear your best suit, shoes and socks,” Griffin said.
 Briles had seen Griffin’s flair for the big moment throughout his four seasons at Baylor. Following his spectacular 2011 season, Briles had no doubt that Griffin would take home the Heisman.
 “This outcome, in our minds, wasn’t by chance — it was by design,” Briles said at the Heisman ceremony. “Robert has been preparing himself to be the best he can be for four years at Baylor.”
 Throughout his rookie season with the Redskins, Griffin showed his passing and running skills translated well to the NFL as he passed for 3,200 yards and 20 touchdowns while rushing for 815 yards and seven scores.
 But Griffin suffered a knee sprain near the end of the regular season and re- injured his knee in a playoff loss to Seattle. Though Griffin came back to throw for 3,203 yards and 16 scores in 2013, Kirk Cousins ended the season as the starting quarterback.
 Griffin suffered an ankle injury in 2014 and a concussion in 2015 before the Redskins released him in 2016. Signed by the Cleveland Browns, Griffin earned the starting role but suffered a shoulder injury in the season opener. He came back to start five games but was released the following spring.
 While Griffin still believes he’s got some great NFL seasons remaining, he knows he’ll always have a home at Baylor.
 After his pro career is over, he hopes to come back to Baylor one day as an athletic director or a university administrator.
 “Baylor is family, it’s home,” Griffin said. “I feel like I want to be a bigger part of the university, a bigger ambassador for the university. When it all ends, I want to be in an administrative job with the university. I know the history and what it is. Every time I go back, I feel the love from the students and the faculty and I want to give that love back.”


--DocBreak--
_“An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.”_


  Ben Franklin’s words are just as true today as when they were first uttered. Ben Franklin was speaking of fire safety but we generally apply that adage to our health.


  Today let’s look at things that are preventable. Keep in mind that nothing is perfect in this regard — there will always be exceptions. I’m not a gambler, and I’m definitely not going to gamble with my health, so I’m going to go with what has been proven to work. And prevention is definitely a lot easier than any cure.


  Take colon health. Yeah, funny place to start in a sports column. But colon cancer is almost completely curable if caught early. I told my story in an earlier column — I have a strong history of colon cancer in my family. Because of that, I’ve placed myself and my health in the hands of Dr. Ed Brown, gastroenterologist. I go through a colonoscopy every time Dr. Brown says so. Caught early, it’s curable. Prevention.


  There was a controversy several years ago about mammograms. But it’s impossible to ignore the fact that early detection means early intervention and better outcomes.


  And skin cancer. What we don’t realize is that lots of cancers in other places started with skin cancer that metastasized (migrated) to other areas. Found early, those are treatable. So I see Dr. Paul Unkefer, my dermatologist, annually. About three years ago, he did this thing that sort of “fried” pre- cancerous lesions off of my head and face. It wasn’t fun but it is a very effective treatment of what can become skin cancer. Again, prevention.


  Heart disease? Well, that’s mainly in your boat. Eat healthy. Exercise daily. Control your blood pressure. One problem is that a lot of heart disease is in your genetic makeup so you can’t do a lot about it. I happen to have a pretty bad gene pool for heart disease. I’ve been on blood pressure medicine since I was about 40, and despite being rather fit otherwise, I have a significant case of atherosclerosis (hardening of the arteries).


  That’s why I’m well known to my primary care physician Dr. Kevin Turner and my cardiologist, Dr. Peter Scott. I’m depending on the two of them to keep me ticking.


  What about ankle problems? The solution is not to always wear ankle braces and there really isn’t such a thing as “weak ankles.” There are unstable ankles and maybe those need a brace but to prevent ankle problems, exercising to make your ankles stronger is the key. You don’t do silly stuff like run in the yard in flip-flops. Need to know what to do? Consult a physical therapist or athletic trainer.


  Concussions? Hard to prevent as we generally avoid collisions (except in collision sports) but what we can do is prevent most of the serious consequences of a concussion. If a blow to the head results in headache, dizziness, and especially loss of consciousness, then you should treat it like a concussion. A concussion damages the brain and makes it vulnerable. A second injury can have more severe consequences. If you think you have had a concussion, get it checked out and prevent those more profound problems that come from Second Concussion Syndrome.


  Knee problems? You might think there’s not a lot you can do to prevent them. But there is. Teenage female athletes are almost expected to develop patellar (kneecap) problems, but there is a lot you can do to prevent those. Make your hips stronger. Work with a coach to learn how to land from a jump without your knees bowing inward. Control how your foot hits the ground through arch supports and orthotics.


  Shoulder problems? Many of those are preventable. Regardless of the source, strengthening the muscles on the back of your shoulder, particularly those that pull back on your scapulae (shoulder blades), is essential.


  Be proactive. Take control of your health. Your body will thank you for it.

