TENNESSEE (WATE) - Childcare Tennessee announced a statewide grants program that will help to keep child care programs up and running for families and their children as the state continues to reopen amid the COVID-19 pandemic.


--DocBreak--
Shabnam S. Wright is on the same page. An award-winning belly dancer who runs the Shabnam Dance Studio in Oakland and teaches classes via Skype, she says the pandemic has been “good in a way” — pushing her to rethink her approach to instruction.
 “A business can’t do things just one way,” she says. “This has forced us to be innovative.”
 And amazingly creative. With instructors unable to rely on studios packed with familiar equipment, they’ve had to improvise.
 “We try to think of what people have at home,” says Winter, who has had clients use “weird props” like women’s tights for stretch bands, a roll of toilet paper for inner thigh work and wine bottles in place of light dumbbells.
 Advertisement


--DocBreak--
It also cut employment. Out of 12 of her co-workers, only three lived within the locked-down area and could report to work.
 Authorities lifted the curfew from Eastleigh in early June, but Bashir said it will be a long time before shop owners like her are able to make the same profits they made before the pandemic.
 “The landlords are still asking for rent,” she said, “but if we are not earning anything, how do we even pay?”
 The economic fallout of the COVID-19 outbreak is also being felt among the middle class in Nigeria, Africa’s largest economy. Hit by low oil revenues in the pandemic, the West African nation faces increasing unemployment rates and a recession that could last until 2021, according to the International Monetary Fund.
 As demand for goods and services crashed, small businesses and entrepreneurs dependent on cash flow found themselves increasingly in dire straits.
 Biola Kazeem established his sports marketing company, Elev8 Sports Entertainment, six years ago, marrying his passion for sports with his college degree in communication. But as sports leagues worldwide canceled or postponed events, Kazeem said he lost 70% of his business and had to put half of his 11-member staff on leave without pay.
 Despite facing financial challenges in the early years, “nothing absolutely prepared us for this,” Kazeem said in a phone interview from Lagos.
 In Zimbabwe, which has been in economic free fall for years, the pandemic and the ensuing restrictions are threatening the solvency of those who have built a bridge into the middle class.
 For years, Madeline Chiveso’s restaurant in downtown Harare, Zimbabwe, served professionals such as bankers, journalists and engineers flocking to work. But as infections rose and the restrictions tightened, there were no customers to serve. She was forced to close the restaurant.
 She used to make $350 a day and now makes nothing. She is using her savings to pay bills, she said, jeopardizing her dream of one day owning her own home.
 “The future looks surely uncertain because nobody knows how this would end,” said Chiveso, who is 46 and a single mother of two daughters, both in college.
 Kharas, of the World Data Lab, defined the middle class in Africa as households that spend anywhere between $11 and $110 per capita per day.
 What distinguishes the middle class from the poor, said Razia Khan, chief economist for Africa and the Middle East at Standard Chartered bank, is the ability to earn a steady income. But because of the pandemic, many more people across Africa are at risk of being “knocked back into poverty” because of lack of jobs, unemployment benefits or any social safety net, she said.
 The pandemic is also posing a threat to nascent industries supported by governments in Africa in recent years to boost the number of middle-income earners.
 Rwanda, which announced aspirations to become a middle-income nation by 2035, supported the local textile and fashion industries to limit imports of used clothing from the United States and boost manufacturing.
 Advertisement


--DocBreak--
Measures to cope with the surge and to plan for its peak were evident over the weekend at Methodist, which called nurses to work extra shifts, brought new laboratory instruments on line to test thousands more samples a day and placed extra hospital beds in an empty unit about to be reopened as patients filled new coronavirus wards.
 Gov. Greg Abbott, speaking in Dallas on Sunday, said the virus had taken a “very swift and a very dangerous turn” in Texas and the increase in the rate of positive coronavirus tests, to over 13% in the past month from less than 4%, was an “alarm bell.” He made the grim assessment after meeting with Vice President Mike Pence and Dr. Deborah L. Birx, the coordinator of the White House’s coronavirus task force, who joined the governor in urging all Texans to wear masks and avoid close contact in crowds.
 Pence, appearing at a Dallas rally celebrating religious freedoms, threw his support behind Abbott and his efforts to reopen the state’s economy — even as the governor made an about-face on Friday in his phased plan by ordering bars closed and capacity at restaurants cut. Many young people had socialized in them, standing close together, not wearing masks, some expressing skepticism that they could become infected.
 During the virus’ first peak in April, the majority of patients testing positive in the Methodist hospital system were older than 50. Now the majority are, like Estrada, relatively young. Nearly one-third of intensive care patients are now under 50, much higher than in the initial coronavirus surge.
 The stress on medical institutions burst into public view last week, when Texas Medical Center — a downtown cluster of Houston’s major public and private hospitals, including Methodist — announced that the baseline intensive care unit capacity across its hospitals was full, with 28% of beds occupied by virus patients. That was nearly twice a threshold established by the state, which called for ICUs to have a maximum 15% of virus patients for hospitals to resume elective services.
 The hospitals typically operate with nearly full ICUs, and had planned to increase the number of critically ill patients they could treat. But the next morning, the governor issued an executive order that again restricted elective surgeries in Harris County. The order, however, allows hospitals to continue performing surgeries and procedures that will not deplete their capacity to care for coronavirus patients; some hospital executives and doctors, including ones at Methodist, said they were able to continue providing those services, which they viewed as particularly needed after being halted during the initial shutdown. The Texas Medical Center hospitals are collectively treating about 1,500 coronavirus patients, according to figures released Saturday.
 During the previous surge in mid-April, Methodist’s system had at most just over 200 coronavirus patients. On Sunday, it had nearly 400 inpatients with the virus, and about 150 more were being tested for it. Some models predict a peak in two to three weeks.
 Roberta L. Schwartz, an executive vice president and chief innovation officer at Methodist, who is serving as the coronavirus incident commander, walked from unit to unit on Saturday “trolling for beds,” as she described it. She spoke with nurses and doctors, troubleshooting to solve problems that could delay sending patients home or transferring them to lower levels of care when they were ready. She informed nurses in an intermediate care unit that it would soon transition into an ICU for coronavirus patients.


--DocBreak--
You’re reading 9to5Google — experts who break news about Google and its surrounding ecosystem, day after day. Be sure to check out our homepage for all the latest news, and follow 9to5Google on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn to stay in the loop. Don’t know where to start? Check out our exclusive stories, reviews, how-tos, and subscribe to our YouTube channel


--DocBreak--
CAPE GIRARDEAU, Mo. (KFVS) - Brad Sheriff, vice chancellor for finance and administration at the University of Arkansas at Fort Smith (UAFS), has been named vice president for finance and administration at Southeast Missouri State University.Sheriff was selected following a national search. He will begin his new duties August 1 and will work alongside Kathy Mangels, vice president for finance and administration, until her retirement this fall.Southeast’s vice president for finance and administration is the University’s chief financial officer, reports to Southeast President Carlos Vargas and serves as a member of the Executive Staff. The vice president for finance and administration also serves as the treasurer of the Board of Regents and of the Southeast Missouri University Foundation, and is responsible for the Budget Office, Controller’s Office, Facilities Management, Information Technology, Human Resources, Public Safety and Transit, Research and Sponsored Programs, Student Financial Services, the Show Me Center and Legal Services.“When Dr. Sheriff was on campus this spring, he clearly demonstrated a breadth of financial experience and knowledge that we believe will serve us very well, particularly as we navigate this very challenging budget climate,” Vargas said. “We look forward to him joining us, leading the University’s business operations and providing financial guidance as we begin the FY21 budget year.”Sheriff said he is honored to be selected as Southeast’s next Vice President for Finance and Administration.Sheriff has served as vice chancellor for finance and administration since 2016 at the University of Arkansas at Fort Smith, where he is the university’s chief financial and administrative officer.He previously served as assistant vice chancellor of business and finance for academic affairs at the University of Nebraska- Lincoln, and associate vice president for business affairs and compliance at Indiana Wesleyan University. He also held several jobs in the University of Illinois System.Sheriff has a Doctor of Philosophy degree in global leadership with a specialization in higher education administration from Indiana Institute of Technology, a higher education management development certificate from Harvard University, a Master of Business Administration from the University of Illinois-Springfield and a Bachelor of Arts in business management from Greenville (Illinois) University. He is also a certified management accountant.Copyright 2020 KFVS. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
Only time will tell whether these measures will be enough to help stop the senseless loss of life that has plagued the mining industry over the past two years.


--DocBreak--
Kayleigh McEnany Confirms Russia Is Off The Hook

