Also on Friday, state police in the border state of Coahuila reported that officers killed five suspects after being fired on. The state government said the shootout occurred in the city of Torreón when police came under fire from a man who fled into a house, where four other occupants also began shooting.
 In central Mexico, meanwhile, armed men killed five state police officers and wounded two others in Guanajuato, the state where 26 recovering addicts at a drug rehabilitation center were massacred earlier in the week.
 Gov. Diego Sinhue Rodriguez wrote in his Twitter account: “I regret what happened to the five officers ... we will be intensifying our efforts to equip and train security personnel.”
 Guanajuato has been the scene of bloody turf battles between the Jalisco drug cartel and the local Santa Rose de Lima gang. The killings have made it Mexico's most violent state.


--DocBreak--
"I am of the view that the breadth of the essential delegation of emergency powers to the executive in light of future and unforeseen circumstances justifies an equally extraordinary veto power in the Legislature," Saylor wrote, joined by Justice Sallie Mundy. They are the court's only Republican members.


--DocBreak--
Three months after its opening day was canceled by the coronavirus pandemic, Watkins Glen International is hosting car clubs again as NASCAR weekend looms in mid-August. "Everybody is excited about getting back in the saddle. I know we are," track president Michael Printup said. [AP Photo/Julie Jacobson, 2018 file]


--DocBreak--
It wasn't really news for Adam Scott as much as it was a formality.
 And for Tanner Cooper, the only real surprise is that the news came so late.
 Either way, neither of these Canandaigua Academy graduates are playing baseball this summer. And as you might expect, it's a bit of a disappointment.
 Scott, a 2014 CA graduate and left-handed pitcher with the Cleveland Indians organization and Cooper, a 2017 CA graduate with the Cincinnati Reds, have come to terms with the announcement earlier this week that minor league baseball is canceled for 2020.
 But they have not come to terms with sitting idle.
 "The Indians have been incredible with providing resources for strength and conditioning," said Scott. "And I've been doing it every week since I've been home."
 These days, home is mostly just that for Scott. He's in Canandaigua and while he's obviously disappointed in not being able to play the game he loves, he's accepted the reality and is making the most of it.
 "I've never had this much time to devote myself to training," said Scott. "Usually, there's always a game to play. So I've been gifted this time to train, although gifted probably isn't the best word to use. I'd rather be playing."
 By all accounts, the Indians would likely echo that. Drafted in the fourth round of the 2018 draft out of Wofford College, Scott has moved quickly through the system. He played rookie ball in Arizona, then went to the New York-Penn League short season before advancing to the full-season Midwest League.
 He wrapped up his first year with the Class A Lynchburg Hillcats. That's where he started the 2019 season before advancing to Class AA Akron, where he went 4-6 with a 3.94 earned-run average. Overall in two minor league seasons, Scott is 10-14 with 3.35 ERA over 166.2 innings.
 He was expecting to start this season in Akron and no, he's not surprised with his rapid ascent.
 "I did expect it," he said. "That was the goal and I thought I had it in me."
 Scott points to the decision he made to return for a senior season at Wofford to better his draft stock. The work he put in to see that improvement is what convinced him that he had what it takes to be professional ballplayer.
 "I knew I had that big jump in me," he said.
 He's certainly not finished jumping and said the tools he's provided with in the Cleveland organization is the biggest driver of his success. Whether it's coaching or using analytics to pinpoint areas of improvement, it's all paying off.
 "The numbers and the way they can tell us how the ball moves and how to pitch, it gives me a better understanding of who I am and how I work," said Scott, whose fastball is consistently in the 91-95 mph range.
 As for Cooper, his rookie season with the Greeneville Reds in the Appalachian League went quite well, although the start of it leaves a bit to be desired. Cooper reported to Greeneville in Tennessee last summer where he met teammates from around the country who played for college baseball powerhouses.
 Then it was time to play a game. For real.
 "Here are all these different guys from around and then there's me, from FLCC, and I was thinking they'd all get a shot first," said Cooper, who was drafted last year in the 35th round. "But in the third inning, they called me out to relieve and it was a shock. My very first game in pro ball was so surreal."
 That was the wakeup call and Cooper was wide awake the rest of the season. He finished with a 1-0 record and 2.21 ERA over 36.2 innings. And what had him most excited for 2020 is that he was expected to be a starter in Greeneville.
 But of course, that plan is on hold. Like Scott, though, Cooper is working out regularly with direction from the Reds and he said they are quite detailed in their expectations. That's because Cooper said he was encouraged by the feedback he received from coaches last summer.
 "They said they really liked my pitchability," he said. "That means I have a lot of different pitches and the confidence to throw them anytime I want … Like on a 3-2 count, I could come in with a slider curve, or anything I wanted to. There really isn't a fastball count for me."
 Cooper said the Reds also liked his demeanor on the mound and his ability to maintain composure in the face of adversity.
 One point of focus is increasing his velocity. Cooper said he averaged 90.5 mph but the velocity program the Reds have him on is already producing results, which is why it's difficult to hold back the enthusiasm for the next time he can get on the mound for some live at-bats.
 As it is, he's diligent in his workouts and occasionally joins Scott for some pitching work with recent CA graduate Seth Vigneri as a catcher.
 When a return to the mound for real comes remains to be seen, but knowing it won't be at least until next season is giving Cooper plenty of time to prepare.
 "It has kind of sunk in that we're not playing," he said. "And it does suck. As it went day after day, I knew the chances of us playing this year got lower and lower. So that gradual mentality kind of helped. I'm just trying to work and be as positive as I can."
 If Major League Baseball can pull of its plans for a season starting later this month, Scott said he'll be watching. But it won't be without a tinge of sadness.
 "I'd be lying if I said it's not going to hurt," he said. "There's nothing better than baseball and to see it on TV, it's going to sting a bit to not be playing knowing I can be out there. But it's part of the process now. My plan will come together one way or another."
 That plan, of course, is making it to the big leagues. And if nothing else, Scott needs to be back on the mound because right now, playing baseball is about all he wants to do.
 "When I'm not playing baseball, I don't know what I'm doing," said Scott.


--DocBreak--
Three months after its opening day was canceled by the coronavirus pandemic, Watkins Glen International is hosting car clubs again as NASCAR weekend looms in mid-August. \"Everybody is excited about getting back in the saddle. I know we are,\" track president Michael Printup said. [AP Photo/Julie Jacobson, 2018 file]


--DocBreak--
Steininger said the primary seemed like the "election that wouldn't end" because of additional work processing the mail-in ballots and the Election Board's need to individually review thousands of write-in votes, provisional ballots and discrepancies.


--DocBreak--
The roar is back at New York's Thunder Road.
 Three months after its opening day was canceled by the coronavirus pandemic, Watkins Glen International is hosting car clubs again as NASCAR weekend looms in mid-August.
 "Everybody is excited about getting back in the saddle. I know we are," track president Michael Printup said. "We had some people on furlough and we were able to bring back almost every single person, so that's good. It's good to get the activity going, get the track hot."
 Car clubs returned to The Glen two weeks ago and Printup expects the car club schedule will quickly be booked through Nov. 1.
 And that would be a very good thing.
 "It's been pretty quiet," Printup said. "When you think about car clubs, we turn those track rentals three times a week. You're changing 150 to 400 drivers a week that are driving the economy and this community. It's sorely missed."
 WGI is a major economic driver in the Finger Lakes region of upstate New York. NASCAR weekend has sold out five straight times. Attendance figures are not released by the stock car organization, but local officials peg it at over 90,000 annually since 2015. Judy McKinney Cherry, executive director of the local Partnership for Economic Development, figures the track's economic impact is at least $275 million annually, based on the most recent study.
 Printup figures that number might be down as much as 75% this year. "It's a pretty big number," he said.
 Downtown Watkins Glen businesses have been hit hard.
 "It's been a challenge, there's no question about it," said Scott Bell, general manager of the Harbor Hotel, which has remained open during the pandemic. "We're seeing occupancy levels that can't even be explained. We don't create the demand, we support the demand, so to have the track open and car clubs coming in, there's a pulse back in the region, which is wonderful to see.
 "It drives the economy, no question about it. We need all cylinders churning in order to capture whatever we can the rest of the summer."
 Most of the schedule at Watkins Glen has been shuffled. IMSA's annual sports car endurance race, the Sahlen's Six Hours of The Glen, was moved from late June to the first weekend in October and now has been switched to Labor Day weekend. The Sports Car Club of America's Majors Super Tour, originally slated for June, and the Finger Lakes Wine Festival in July have been postponed until 2021.
 Untouched so far is NASCAR. Its Cup and Xfinity series are slated to race Aug. 15-16, perhaps before thousands of fans.
 Printup said WGI's proposal to New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo will be to allow only people from the state and within 150 miles of the track to attend.
 "We think we have a pretty good plan on being able to allow a limited number of fans," Printup said. "We know that to ask him to bring fans from outside the state was probably going to be a big stretch.
 "It's all about social distancing, temperature takes of every fan," Printup added. "We can social distance them in the grandstands. We have plenty of those."
 And surely plenty of space to spread out. WGI covers more than 1,800 acres, one of the largest of the 12 tracks NASCAR owns.
 "We could probably get 30% to 50% (capacity), but I think to be reasonable we're going to have to probably bring that number down just to make the governor and his team comfortable," Printup said. "If they get 30,000 at Bristol (in mid-July), that's probably the outside of what we could do."
 So far, the coronavirus has barely touched Schuyler County, surrounding the track. Only 14 cases among its 17,800 residents had been documented by late June, with no hospitalizations and no deaths.
 The county is one of the most vulnerable economically in the region because it relies heavily on tourism, McKinney Cherry said.
 "Because the season doesn't really get rolling until late May, we were in a better position than other communities because many of our businesses were still in hibernating when the mandatory closures occurred," she said. "This community is one that can probably handle visitors coming in because they are taking safety very seriously. ... Any small sniffle that they (WGI) have creates a cold for the rest of us in the community."


--DocBreak--
In Black and White


--DocBreak--
So, when you're out and about, remember to:


--DocBreak--
Luzerne County's election bureau already has started preparing for the high- turnout Nov. 3 general election, the office's deputy director, Mary Beth Steininger, told the county Election Board during its virtual meeting Wednesday.


--DocBreak--
"We appreciate the diligent work of our university and athletics administration as we work through these important issues," according to the letter posted on Twitter. "The plans and action items released Wednesday are great first steps in our goal of defeating hate and racism on our campus, and therefore, we have decided to return to workouts with our teammates.


--DocBreak--
A couple days ago my new 125 Shot NITROUS TUNE is complete and the car runs like I have never experienced before. Its just night and day. Its on a state of the art Progressive System and I have 3 different progressive tunes loaded. First leaves the line at 30% and upward. Second leaves at 50% juice and upward. 3rd Leaves at 75% juice giving me the option of choosing what tune depending on the track conditions.  


--DocBreak--
INDIANAPOLIS -- The once-frosty schism between the two biggest racing series in the United States has finally thawed and the result is a blockbuster event at Indianapolis Motor Speedway -- even without fans.
 NASCAR's elite Cup Series will share a venue with IndyCar on the same weekend for the first time, a doubleheader conveniently forced by the frantic rescheduling required by by the coronavirus pandemic. Even so, it is an important step in putting forth a united front for the sake of motorsports.
 "We're all racers. We want racing to be successful," said Kevin Harvick, the current NASCAR points leader and a winner at the Brickyard last year. "I know it's kind of had that stigma for a number of years there's the IndyCar guys and there's the NASCAR guys ... racers are racers. Everybody wants to see a good race and be part of a cool event."
 The fracture between the two leagues dates to at least 1954 when NASCAR founder Bill France Sr. was allegedly told by IMS security he'd been ordered to leave the speedway. France was already working on his own big race track, Daytona International Speedway, and he vowed it would give Indianapolis a run for its money.
 The battle was on and neither side had any desire to build a working relationship. IndyCar, called CART in its heyday, dwarfed the Southern-based stock car series. But the open wheel racing split the mid 1990s in which Tony George created his own series gave NASCAR an opening to capitalize as CART and the Indy Racing League fractured its base. NASCAR exploded in popularity and blew past its bitter rival as the place to race.
 As years passed and NASCAR became an annual staple at Indianapolis, the relationship between the two series has improved. Jay Frye, who spent decades working in NASCAR, is now president of IndyCar. Steve Phelps, just the fifth president in NASCAR history, has never held a longstanding vendetta against the series.
 Most important, though, is that motorsports titan Roger Penske now owns IndyCar and the speedway and has the juice to broker such a weekend. When the coronavirus pandemic blew holes in both series' schedules, Penske plopped the IndyCar road course race originally scheduled for May on the shared weekend with NASCAR.
 IndyCar will open the spectacle on Saturday with its second event of the season, then NASCAR's second-tier Xfinity Series will make its debut later that day on the same road course. The Cup Series races Sunday on the 2.5-mile oval. COVID-19 restrictions mean IndyCar and NASCAR teams and drivers will not mingle, use different entry points at the speedway and work from different garages.
 The inability to open the gates to spectators is the one downside to what is an otherwise monumental moment for both series.
 "To me, that's the unfortunate part, we don't get to have fans in here," Penske said. "But I went to Jim France and Steve Phelps and said, 'Look, the Brickyard has not been able to be what you have hoped, and now that we run the series and the speedway, we can make the decisions and we can get this done and it will be good for everyone.'"
 This new pairing could ultimately smooth the road ahead for an entire industry battling for attendance, television ratings and sponsorship. NBC Sports is IndyCar's broadcast partner and begins its portion of the NASCAR season this weekend. Sam Flood, executive producer and president of production, has tried to move away from head-to-head scheduling that forced viewers to choose which race to watch.
 "We think it's a really important crossover to have people watch racing ... to get people to sample different series, and you shouldn't just be a NASCAR fan, you should be a racing fan," Flood said. "I think this is a great celebration of motorsports. The interest in motorsports is high. We just need people to watch each other's forms of racing and grow the overall pool of racing fans.
 "And that's why this is so valuable, and that's why we're so lucky Roger stepped in here."
 There are no drivers scheduled to compete in both series, but NBC Sports analyst Townsend Bell will call the IndyCar race and then fly to Daytona to race in the IMSA sports car event. Seven-time NASCAR champion Jimmie Johnson plans to drive five-time IndyCar champion Scott Dixon's car in a test on the road course next week.
 Both IndyCar and the Cup Series will work from the garages once used by Formula One, and the NASCAR group can't even enter the facility until IndyCar has cleared out. It means drivers can't socialize the way initially imagined on a weekend such as this, and they'll have to watch the other series' on television.
 "I don't think I'll be able to watch the race. I wish I could have. It's the situation we're in," said Simon Pagenaud, winner of both the road course race and the Indianapolis 500 last year. He indicated IndyCar will be exiting the speedway grounds before the Xfinity Series goes green.
 "At the end of the day, it's a historical moment, I think not just for American racing but for worldwide racing. I look forward to the weekend and seeing the reaction afterward."


--DocBreak--
Voters using the new machines from Dominion Voting Systems Inc. will make selections on computerized devices similar to the way they have in the past. But instead of touching a box on the screen to cast their ballots, they will receive a paper printout to verify their selections before they feed the paper into a tabulator to be read and saved in compliance with a state mandate.


--DocBreak--
Some folks in Columbus said they are on board with wearing face masks in public.


--DocBreak--
5of5Mexicans are seen out and about after the easing of COVID-19 related restrictions, near the Bellas Artes Palace in downtown Mexico City, Friday, July 3, 2020. Limited reopening of restaurants and other businesses in the capital this week came as new coronavirus cases continued to climb steadily.Fernando Llano/AP


--DocBreak--
Hot air balloon horror! Couple survives a deadly crash in Egypt


--DocBreak--
Texas Rangers manager Chris Woodward was going to address his entire team before the start of MLB's unprecedented summer training camp, just like he did when spring training opened about 4 1/2 months ago. It was on a Zoom call instead of in person this time.
 When the New York Mets resume practice, 60-year-old hitting coach Chili Davis will be working with hitters remotely and not initially at Citi Field with players and other staff members. The Seattle Mariners have three assistant coaches who fall into the high-risk category for the coronavirus and will work remotely all season.
 At Fenway Park, weights and other exercise equipment were set up Thursday in the concourse under the seats that Red Sox fans won't be allowed to occupy when the season finally starts.
 Things certainly are different for baseball's resumption amid the pandemic, three weeks before the start of a 60-game regular season. The Rangers, Mets, Mariners and Red Sox are among the teams set for their first official summer workouts Friday, along with the defending World Series champion Washington Nationals minus first baseman Ryan Zimmerman and pitcher Joe Ross after they opted out of the season.
 After the Toronto Blue Jays received a Canadian government exemption Thursday to work out at Rogers Centre, every team will be at its home ballpark to restart preseason workouts that abruptly came to a halt March 12 in Arizona and Florida.
 The Rangers will hold the first official team activity in their new retractable-roof stadium, even though some players have been working out there for several weeks. Players will be in different groups and times for workouts after Woodward's remarks by video conference.
 Along with some similarity to what he said in February when the team initially gathered at its spring training complex in Surprise, Arizona, Woodward is focusing on the protocols and safeguards put in place by MLB in response to COVID-19, and the urgency of being ready for the sprint of a season that will be 102 games shorter than usual.
 "This is a little different. Following protocols, being safe, making sure we're on time, sticking to schedules, those are things that are critical for our success this year," he said. "If we can limit the amount of exposure we have, or the risk factor in getting this virus, the team that keeps their people on the field, their players on the field, is probably going to have an advantage."
 While the home ballparks are bigger than those at spring training, teams have to adjust to making a camp environment without having several extra fields next to each other, and the absence of some additional workout-specific spaces.
 "It's a great challenge. I mean, last week I think I grew a few more grey hairs just brainstorming through this," first-year Mets manager Luis Rojas said. "But we've had fun definitely with the excitement of getting baseball back and going through this path. But we did come up with different ideas, and we're going to stagger the guys. I mean, we're going to come in in groups."
 Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker signed an order Thursday allowing the Red Sox to open Fenway Park without fans. The weights and exercise equipment in the concourse will allow players to work out with more social distancing than would be possible in the usual cramped facilities.
 Mariners bullpen coach Brian De Lunas won't be on the field in Seattle because of long-term kidney issues. The team said hitting coach Tim Laker (colitis) and 68-year-old first base coach Perry Hill, who is also the infield coach, will also work remotely all season.
 The Mets will be at Citi Field without Davis, and Rojas said the timeline for the hitting coach to join the team there is uncertain. The New York Post was first to report that Davis wouldn't be there in person for the beginning of practices because of concerns about the coronavirus. The Post, citing unidentified sources in its report, said Davis does not have the virus.
 The Yankees won't have their first full workout until Saturday, but Gerrit Cole and Adam Ottavino threw bullpens to coaching assistant Radley Haddad at Yankee Stadium on Thursday. Cole, preparing for the July 23 opener at Washington, reached 95-98 mph and pitched three innings. Ottavino pitched two. Each had their own bag of balls.
 Aaron Judge, Aaron Hicks and Like Voit were the batters. New York used the home, visitors and auxiliary clubhouses and five mounds: two in each bullpen and one on the field.
 "I think the biggest thing right now is just taking inventory when everyone comes in and kind of just making sure they're kind of at the spot that maybe they talked about being at," new pitching coach Matt Blake said.
 Blake hopes his starters can pitch four to five innings in their first turn through the rotation when the season starts and anticipates starting the season with 15 to 18 pitchers. Masahiro Tanaka, back from Japan, is to throw his first bullpen session Saturday, and James Paxton has healed from February back surgery.
 The Chicago Cubs will open camp without left-handed pitcher Jose Quintana, who underwent surgery Thursday on his lacerated left thumb. He suffered the cut Saturday while washing dishes at his home in Miami.
 Quintana is expected to resume his throwing program in about two weeks, when a further determination will be made about how long he might miss. He was 13-9 with a 4.68 ERA last season.
 The Philadelphia Phillies will open camp Friday without infielder Scott Kingery and pitchers Hector Neris, Ranger Suarez and Tommy Hunter. The foursome was placed on the 10-day injured list with no specified injuries.
 Medical privacy limited what manager Joe Girardi could say about the players' absence.
 "What I can tell you is they're on the injured list, and that's about all I can tell you," Girardi said. "MLB has given protocols on how to handle it."
 In Pittsburgh, the Pirates are closing PNC Park to all outside entities, including media, after the Allegheny County Health Department issued an order banning gatherings of over 25 people. MLB had created a cap of 35 credentialed media for workouts. The team said it will ensure all guidelines are being followed.


--DocBreak--
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexican soldiers patrolling in the border city of Nuevo Laredo came under fire from drug cartel gunmen Friday, then killed 12 of their attackers in a gunbattle, the military said.
 The Defense Department said three army patrol trucks were hit by gunfire, but no troops were hurt. The gunmen were believed to belong to the Cartel of the Northeast, a split-off of the old Zetas cartel.
 The department said one of the attackers' burned-out pickups was left at the scene and eight assault rifles and two .50-caliber sniper rifles were also found. Nuevo Laredo, which is across the Rio Grande from Laredo, Texas, has been the scene of bloody gunfights in recent years.


--DocBreak--
NEW YORK -- Given an extra 3 1/2 months for their brittle stars to heal, the New York Yankees will closely monitor the conditioning of Aaron Judge, James Paxton, Aaron Hicks and Giancarlo Stanton ahead of a season unlike any other.
 "We want these players to withstand a 60-game sprint over a 66-day schedule," Yankees general manager Brian Cashman said Tuesday on the eve of the first arrivals for "spring" training 2.0, already dubbed summer camp in Major League Baseball's marketing deal.
 New York had been set to open March 26 at Baltimore with many of its key cogs on the injured list but expects all of them to be available when training resumes this weekend.
 Sound familiar?
 New York placed a big league record 30 players on the injured list a total of 39 times last season, then overhauled its training and conditioning staff.
 "Ultimately, we're in it to win it," Cashman said, "and I think everybody else should be feeling the same way. And especially in a shortened season, I think it heightens the ability for anybody to really take a shot at the title. And so, therefore, how do they respond to this challenge remains to be seen, but I think it's certainly going to open it up for a lot of opportunities for teams to take advantage of."
 Because of the coronavirus pandemic, the Yankees are to play their rescheduled opener at World Series champion Washington on July 23 in what could be a matchup of new Yankees ace Gerrit Cole and Max Scherzer, who helped the Nationals beat Cole's Houston Astros in World Series Game 7 last fall.
 New York is slated to go to Philadelphia before its home homer against the Phillies on July 29, according to information obtained by The Associated Press.
 Judge did not play in any exhibition games due to discomfort in his right pectoral muscle and shoulder that he felt when swinging. The Yankees said March 6 that the right fielder had a stress fracture to his first right rib, an injury likely dating from a diving catch late last season. Judge later said he had a collapsed lung.
 "We are very optimistic as of right now that maybe his proximation that he would be ready on opening day and in the lineup will ring true," Cashman said. "So now it comes down to game reps and facing live pitching and seeing if he's in game shape."
 Paxton had surgery Feb. 5 to repair a herniated disk in his back and to remove a peridiscal cyst. The left-hander exited his final regular-season start, at Texas on Sept. 27, after one inning with what the Yankees said was a tight left glute muscle, then returned for three postseason starts.
 "We believe that his injury issue is resolved," Cashman said, adding New York needs to evaluate Paxton's arm strength.
 After agreeing to a $324 million, nine-year contract, Cole heads a rotation that includes Paxton, righty Masahiro Tanaka, Paxton and lefty J.A. Happ. Lefty Jordan Montgomery could be the fifth starter.
 Right-hander Luis Severino is recovering from Tommy John surgery on Feb. 27.
 Hicks, a switch-hitting center fielder, is recovering from Tommy John surgery on his right elbow on Oct. 31. Cashman said wants to evaluate his conditioning.
 "I'm sure he feels he'll be game ready by opening day, and I think that's possible," he said.
 Stanton strained his right calf during defensive drills on Feb. 26.
 "If you're shooting for the DH role by opening day, I think that's a possibility," Cashman said before saying Stanton's left field availabiity "is to be determined."
 Cashman said some players may arrive late because of travel and the first official session for pitchers, catchers and injured players could be pushed back a day to Saturday.
 Director of medical services Steve Donohue, director of sports medicine and rehabilitation Michael Schuk and head athletic trainer Tim Lentych are trying to prepare Yankee Stadium for workouts that normally take place at George Steinbrenner Field and the minor league complex in Tampa, Florida.
 "They're working with out stadium ops personnel to utilize every aspect of the blueprint at Yankee Stadium, and that's not just your field of play," Cashman said. "Clearly you have a visiting clubhouse, you have an auxiliary clubhouse, you have a home clubhouse, so we'll be expanding and dispersing our players throughout."
 Both batting cages and bullpens will be used. The Great Hall under the stands on the first base side will be the site of throwing programs. He is talking to opposing GMs about scheduling the three allowed exhibitions just before opening day, and the Mets are the most likely opponent because of the short travel distance.
 Cashman is preparing for a season of changes on short notice.
 "If we have a game tomorrow," he said, "and your starter shows up and he has a temperature and all of a sudden has symptoms out of the blue right before the start, how do you adjust along the way?"


--DocBreak--
"Studio 16 South is thrilled to join forces with Coal Creative to make podcasting and live video streaming available to businesses and hobbyists in Northeastern Pennsylvania," Jones said. "Our goal is to provide access to an affordable podcasting studio with state of the art equipment and production capabilities, while opening up opportunities for our region to grow, compete, and flourish."


--DocBreak--
With minor league baseball on the shelf for 2020 because of the pandemic, the Canandaigua graduates are doing their best to stay sharp


--DocBreak--
Election Board members asked Steininger how the bureau plans to ensure it has enough poll workers on Nov. 3.


--DocBreak--
Stampede pancakes hit the road to CrossIron Mills


--DocBreak--
The mask order in Texas — which carries a $250 fine — is the most dramatic about-face Abbott has made as he retreats from what stood out as one of the swiftest reopenings in America. Mayors and county leaders in big cities where the virus has rapidly spread, including San Antonio and Austin, praised the decision but have also blamed Abbott for the resurgence, criticizing him for rebooting Texas so quickly and stripping their authority to enforce tougher restrictions.
 “It's about time,” San Antonio Mayor Ron Nirenberg said, referring to Abbott issuing the mask order.
 GOP activists in Texas, who for years have driven the state's politics in the Texas Capitol, battered the order that was made ahead of the Fourth of July weekend. Hours after Abbott issued the mandate Thursday, and while continuing to urge people to stay home, the Texas GOP voted in an emergency meeting to keep plans to meet in Houston and not switch to a virtual gathering.
 The refusal to cancel led the Texas Medical Association, the state's largest physician organization, to revoke its sponsorship. Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner, a Democrat, said the “city will decide what steps must be taken to protect the health and safety of employees, visitors, and the general public.”
 There are exceptions in Texas' mask order for people who have a medical condition or disability, who are exercising outdoors, or who are participating in a religious service or voting. Abbott also gave mayors and county authorities the ability to ban outdoor gatherings of more than 10 people.
 On June 17, Abbott told a Waco television station: “We want to make sure individual liberty is not infringed upon by government and hence government cannot require individuals to wear masks." Two weeks later, Abbott issued his mask order Thursday.
 Dr. John Zerwas, a former Republican state lawmaker who has advised Abbott throughout the pandemic, said the governor had told him he would issue the mask order a day earlier and was swayed by the worsening trajectory.
 “The political implications are what the are,” Zerwas said. “But the public health implications are crystal clear. This is a decision that needed to be made.”

