Mike can turn any entrepreneur into a success provided they have a good work ethic and a positive mindset, as he credits a lot of his success in business to these attributes. "Mindset is everything. You have to see the success in your mind before you can actually experience it," said Mike. He quotes proverbs 23:7, saying "as one thinketh so is he."


--DocBreak--
A nonsensical stock price can become more nonsensical – that's how bubbles work. But as Ben Graham said, the market is a voting machine in the short run and a weighing machine in the long run. Right now, Shopify is winning a popularity contest. It won't last forever.


--DocBreak--
setTimeout 300ms for the recheck is visible when you click on the button


--DocBreak--
TESUQUE PUEBLO, N.M. -- A small northern New Mexico Native American tribe has opened a movie studio in a former casino that it hopes will lure big productions.
   
 The Tesuque Pueblo recently converted the building near Santa Fe into a movie studio campus called Camel Rock Studios with more than 25,000 square feet of filming space.
   
 The tribe's lands feature stunning desert and the iconic Camel Rock formation in the red-brown foothills of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains and tribal officials said outdoor filming can take place on 27 square miles of the reservation.
   
 The tribe with about 800 members decided to open the studio after scenes from the Universal Pictures western movie "News of the World" starring Tom Hanks were filmed last year in the Camel Rock Casino, which closed in 2018.
   
 Universal's use of the casino for filming helped convince tribal officials to transform the empty building into studio space, said Timothy Brown, president and CEO of the Pueblo of Tesuque Development Corp. Also influencing the decision were investments in New Mexico movie studios by Netflix and NBCUniversal in recent years, said Tunte Vigil, Tesuque Pueblo's business development associate.
   
 "The Pueblo of Tesuque Development Corp. wants to bring different businesses to the pueblo and the market is really open," Vigil said. "So this is a good opportunity."
   
 No productions are happening now and none are planned for the immediate future because the pueblo and most of the state remains under strict COVID-19 business restrictions. But Brown said that that hasn't stopped potential productions from contacting the pueblo and asking to reserve studio time.
   
 Cheyenne and Arapaho filmmaker Chris Eyre, a Santa Fe resident and an adviser to Camel Rock Studio, said the studio's unique aspect is that its former makeup as a casino provides the site with premade infrastructure that can be used for filming different types of movie scenes
   
 "It's a museum. It's an opulent hotel lobby. It's a capitol building," said Eyer, who directed the 1998 film "Smoke Signals" about two Coeur d'Alene tribal members who travel from Idaho to Arizona to retrieve the remains of their father after he died alone. "There are sorts of interesting standing sets that can be creatively (crafted) for all sorts of scenes."
   
 The site also has a set workshop called a mill that can be used by crews to build sets for use inside the casino or on the tribe's land, Eyer said, adding that he could envision movies filmed there that are set in the Middle East or the U.S. Southwest.
   
 Older movies filmed on the Tesuque Pueblo include the 1955 western "The Man from Laramie" starring James Stewart and the 1988 "Young Guns" with Emilio Estevez and Kiefer Sutherland.
   
 But Eyer said previous productions had stereotypes about Indigenous people and limited Native American input and that tribal officials hope future productions don't follow in their footsteps.
   
 The studio is being established at a time when Native American writers including Pulitzer Prize-winning Cheyenne and Arapaho author Tommy Orange and Inupiaq American poet Joan Naviyuk Kane are transforming American Literature -- and putting pressure on Hollywood to incorporate more Native American stories.
   
 Tribal officials plan to create internships and movie training programs for Tesuque Pueblo members and hope that the studio will foster a new storytelling movement, Eyer said.
   
 "Native Americans are natural storytellers," he said. "What better place to do it?"


--DocBreak--
Today, Shopify trades at a higher enterprise value-to-sales ratio than Amazon did at its dot-com peak. The story may turn out well for Shopify in the long run, like it has for Amazon. But don't let survivorship bias fool you. For every Amazon, there were many stocks with sound premises and sky-high valuations during the dot-com boom that crashed and burned, never to recover.


--DocBreak--
Mike believes much of his success is owed to life-changing business advice given to him by trusted mentors. He encourages new entrepreneurs to create multiple streams of income and to create a tight-knit reliable team, as it wasn't until he followed this advice that he realized his full potential. Mike has grown an incredible following over his years in business and has amassed over 100,000 followers on Instagram.


--DocBreak--
In addition, market revenues based on region and country are provided in the Interlinings Fabric report. The authors of the report have also shed light on the common business tactics adopted by players. The leading players of the global Interlinings Fabric market and their complete profiles are included in the report. Besides that, investment opportunities, recommendations, and trends that are trending at present in the global Interlinings Fabric market are mapped by the report. With the help of this report, the key players of the global Interlinings Fabric market will be able to make sound decisions and plan their strategies accordingly to stay ahead of the curve.

