The band is best known for its version of “Once Bitten, Twice Shy.” A different iteration of Great White that included longtime frontman Jack Russell and that performed under the name Jack Russell’s Great White was involved in one of the most tragic concerts in U.S. history in 2003. During a show at The Station nightclub in Rhode Island, the band’s pyrotechnics sparked a fast-moving blaze that caused a bottleneck as fans tried to flee. The fire killed 100 people.


--DocBreak--
Dat de coronacrisis Pepsi relatief minder hard raakt, wil niet zeggen dat het goed gaat, zegt analist Shea. Hoewel de eetdivisie voor meer dan de helft van de omzet zorgt, komt ook nog steeds bijna de helft uit de verkoop van drankjes – naast Pepsi ook 7UP, Lipton Ice Tea en Gatorade. De analist verwacht dat de tweedekwartaalcijfers deze maandag laten zien dat de toegenomen verkoop van Lay’s en Tijgernootjes de terugval in de verkochte frisdrank niet compenseert.
 Hoe dan ook blijft Pepsi de komende jaren een fonds om in de gaten te houden, zegt Shea. „Het bedrijf verkeert in uitstekende vorm. Ze hebben een ervaren topman, zijn goed gediversifieerd en verkopen topmerken.” De meeste analisten geven hem gelijk. Dertien hebben een koopadvies uitstaan, zeven zeggen houden, geen enkele adviseert verkopen.
 Guus Ritzen


--DocBreak--
Nagorno-Karabakh: Azerbaigian, salito a tre numero vittime scontri odierni a Tovuz 


--DocBreak--
Keep in mind that the cost of wear and tear from parking outside can add up. It may be less expensive, in the long run, to look for an apartment with garage parking.


--DocBreak--
Most of the time, however, Eichler Homes’ non-discrimination policy was not broadcast to prospective buyers and local governments. Instead, the builders preferred to quietly sell to anyone who was qualified. Activism on a larger scale, however — specifically, at the state and federal levels — was a different story. Behind the scenes, the company pushed for widespread fair housing laws in California and for the federal government; Joe Eichler even accepted an invitation to testify before the US Civil Rights Commission of 1960.


--DocBreak--
India’s coronavirus caseload is nearing 850,000 with a record surge of 28,637 in the past 24 hours, prompting authorities to announce a weeklong lockdown in the key southern technology hub of Bangalore. The new confirmed cases took the national total to 849,553. The Health Ministry on Sunday also reported another 551 deaths for a total of 22,674. India has overtaken Russia in the number of cases and is currently behind the United States and Brazil, according to a tally by Johns Hopkins University. Southern Karnataka state, whose IT hub Bangalore is home to Microsoft, Apple and Amazon offices, extended Sunday lockdowns to one week beginning Tuesday. New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore and Pune are among the key Indian cities witnessing a surge in infections. Several states also have announced stringent lockdowns in high- risk areas.


--DocBreak--
Use the myMotherLode.com Keyword Search to go straight to a specific page


--DocBreak--
Tourists flock to Portsmouth every summer. This year, those who have been personally affected by COVID-19 say the city’s historic charm, shops and restaurants are especially appreciated.
 Maria Pallozzi of Conway was relaxing July 7 at Poco’s Bow Street Cantina with Samantha Monks of Athol, Mass. The two graduated from Keene State College this spring, but had not been able to celebrate their accomplishments in person because commencement ceremonies won’t take place until the fall.
 “It’s nice to finally live again,” Pallozzi said.
 At Dunbar Square Restaurant in Market Square, Nathan McVeigh was having lunch with his 9-year-old daughter, Diana.
 They were visiting family members in the area and are from Fiskdale, Mass. McVeigh works in Rhode Island and said he has lost people he knew to COVID-19.
 “It was really bad in Rhode Island,” McVeigh said.
 In addition to trying Nepal-style cooking, McVeigh checked out the historic character of downtown Portsmouth during his stay.
 “It’s a beautiful city, with the Colonial feel,” McVeigh said.
 Abigail Roth of York, Maine, Maria Dinisco, of Newton, Mass., and Sophia Gallant, of Sterling, N.J., were enjoying some retail therapy. Dinisco and Gallant had bags in their hands from the boutique Em & Elle on Pleasant Street.
 “We’re leaving tomorrow and wanted to do some shopping,” Gallant said.
 Signs outside the shops indicated that many of the small boutiques are limiting the number of customers to between two and six at a time.
 Restaurants throughout the city have expanded outdoor dining as COVID-19 restrictions have eased.
 Arlene and John Tommasini of Portsmouth were eating lunch outside at Popovers on the Square on Congress Street. Popovers typically has outdoor dining during the spring and summer.
 The Tommasinis said they would like to see restaurants that have not previously offered al fresco dining continue to do so.
 “It’s very inviting,” Arlene Tommasini said.
 Restaurant owners say that when the weather is nice, they are reaching full capacity, but it can be hard when the forecast is not favorable.
 “When there’s a chance of rain, it’s very slow,” said John Akar, co-owner of Cava Tapas & Wine Bar on Commercial Alley, which has an outdoor patio.
 Akar said there are not as many people out at usual.
 “It doesn’t look like Portsmouth in June and July,” Akar said.
 Nimi Idnani, owner of Raleigh Wine Bar + Eatery, said there is still an odd vibe in Portsmouth because of COVID-19.
 Idnani said the restaurant is trying to lighten spirits with build-your-own mimosa specials at brunch.
 “On the dinner side, we’re keeping a smaller menu, but we’re trying to make it a little more fun and casual, so we’re always doing a sandwich on our menu and a pasta, and we’re working with the local farmers for everything else,” Idnani said.
 Idnani said Tuckaway Farm in Lee has been providing the restaurant with beautiful vegetables. They also buy their seafood from local fishermen.
 Amanda McSharry is the co-owner of The Sailmaker’s House on Court Street and Water Street Inn in Kittery, Maine. She said the two establishments are taking reservations for guests; they are booking rooms for August and September.
 “A lot of them are visiting people or they are on their way up to Maine,” McSharry said.
 Valerie Rochon is president of The Chamber Collaborative of Greater Portsmouth. She said during a July 8 meeting with retailers that they reported seeing an increase in foot traffic over the Fourth of July weekend.
 “There’s a lot more feet on the street,” Rochon said.
 Straffordnews@unionleader.com


--DocBreak--
Police probe suspected sex attack on girl as she slept in tent at Sea of Galilee


--DocBreak--
Republicans have two runoffs on the ballot, U.S. Representative for District 16, and U.S. Representative for District 23. Democrats must choose candidates in several runoffs, including U.S. Senator, Railroad Commissioner, District Judges for the 383rd and 388th Court, District Attorney, and County Commissioner for Precinct 3.


--DocBreak--
Charles Baroody said he moved to Portsmouth from Manchester 10 years ago. He was playing music for pedestrians out and about on July 7.

