Mr Pulling said the occupant of the flat confirmed to officers she had never seen the defendant.
 Parkin, of Pen-y-Graig Road, Townhill, Swansea, had previously pleaded guilty to burglary when he appeared in the dock for sentencing.
 In an impact statement, the victim said her home had been "violated" and it was no longer the safe place it had felt previously. The woman said she was thinking of moving away from the area as a result of the break-in.
 The court heard Parkin has 71 previous convictions for a range of offences including shoplifting, vehicle-taking, violent disorder, inflicting grievous bodily harm, possession of heroin with intent to supply, burglaries, and an armed robbery. The 2012 robbery saw Parkin holding up a corner shop with a knife, an offence for which he was given a six-year extended sentence for public protection.
 Andrew Evans, defending Parkin, said the defendant accepted that as a "third- strike burglar" \- a defendant with previous convictions for burglary - the court would deal with him in one way only.
 The advocate said Parkin was a man who had struggled with Class A addiction.


--DocBreak--
If you want The Old Guard 2 and want it right now , join the club. As soon as we finished watching The Old Guard , we couldn't wait for the sequel to action-packed superhero-esque movie. While Netflix hasn't released any viewership info, The Old Guard received rave reviews from critics, so it's seems likely that the streaming service will order a sequel. Plus, the movie ended in a way that left room for more ... much more. Spoilers ahead! 4 great new movies to watch right now July 2020 movies…


--DocBreak--
"I am at a loss for words," Werning said. "It is hard to articulate how excited I am to continue the long tradition at Southeast and especially for the Southeast boys basketball program."
 ​Werning, a 2011 Lincoln Pius X grad, played collegiately at Concordia in Seward for two years before transferring to Nebraska. He was a student manager at NU during the 2013-14 and 2014-155 seasons.
 Prior to joining the Knights as an assistant coach in 2019, he was an assistant at Parkview Christian (2016-17) and Kearney Catholic (2017-19).


--DocBreak--
For Crying Out Loud


--DocBreak--
KINGSPORT, Tenn. (NEXSTAR) — The week began with the White House again signaling support for Round 2 of stimulus relief for Americans. How and when that happens remains largely up in the air.


--DocBreak--
La mecanique du couple se decline en courtes propositions eclectiques, des _Bateleuses_ de Marion Sage et Anne Lepere – entre tarot, geste et parole automatique – aux portes de Jeanne Colin et Killian Madeleine dans _R eception (extrait)_, en passant par le timelapse fusionnel revisite sur fond de baroque par Florencia Demestri, Samuel Lefeuvre et leur presence intense dans _Hold your own_.


--DocBreak--
The alternative is what Kemp has tried: persuasion. Rather than ordering people to take a certain action, appeal instead to their reason and compassion for others to persuade them to do it.
 Unfortunately, the data indicate that isn’t working. Cases are soaring. Hospitals are filling back up. Deaths are not following suit — yet — but the situation need not become that tragic to be harmful to a number of people. Certainly, more harmful than wearing a bit of cloth over one’s face.
 We could parse Kemp’s persuasive techniques, or the ways public health experts have vacillated on the issue over the past few months, or the cultural obstacles to wearing masks, or the people who have politicized what should be a neutral public-health tool.
 But there’s a more fundamental problem here that goes well beyond this particular issue.
 Persuasion is not the most-used tool in the political toolbox these days. Red meat to rev up the base? Yes. Demonizing the opponent to discourage his base? Absolutely. Vilifying certain beliefs to intimidate people from even entertaining them? Just ask the “deplorables.”
 But before we go too far down the road of bashing politicians, let’s remember politics is a market unto itself. Suppliers (politicians) offer what is in demand (from voters).
 How many signs do we see that we, the voters, regardless of ideology or party affiliation, are open very much to being persuaded? We seek out news outlets that reflect our existing views. We employ litmus tests to disqualify dissenters from the start. We excuse or excoriate behavior based on the letter, R or D, next to the offender’s name.
 We aren’t looking to be persuaded, only validated.
 So we shouldn’t be surprised when efforts to persuade fall short, and efforts to coerce are adopted instead. But we should be worried.
  _Dalton native Kyle Wingfield is president and CEO of the Georgia Public Policy Foundation (www.georgiapolicy.org)._

