end functions for video ads moving left and right


--DocBreak--
Playing in a tri-nation tournament before the Women’s World T20 will help in strategising and deciding team composition, senior India player Smriti Mandhana said on Wednesday.
 The marquee event will start in Australia next month but before that, the country is hosting India and England in a tri-series.
 “Most of them have played in Australia, I think India A touring Australia last month is also going to be a big help (as) four-five players were part of that team as well,” Mandhana told reporters in Mumbai.
 She added, “The tri-series is going to be a really important tournament, thinking about the team composition or what is needed or what target we need to aim at on Australian wickets.”
 The left-handed batter was speaking after unveiling a ‘Power’ fitness collection range in Mumbai.
 She said the tri-series matches could tell them a lot about what will be a safe target during the World Cup.
 “How can our bowlers plan better, all those things we are going to understand once we land in Australia and play the tri-series.
 “Especially the targets, tri-series will define the targets, like what the scoreline will be for the World Cup.
 “England, Australia and India is always going (to be challenging). We are going to aim at good targets so I think that (tri-series) is an important tournament leading up to the World Cup,” the 23-year-old said.
 According to Mandhana, the team has been thinking about the WorldT20 for the past one year.
 “Last one year, whatever we were doing during the matches, we were thinking about the World Cup, so finally we are leaving for the World Cup, it is quite exciting.
 “I’m looking forward to playing this World Cup with this team as it is a new team with a mixture of experienced and new players,” she said.


--DocBreak--
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.


--DocBreak--
CHENNAI, India (CMC) – A confident West Indies will go in search of their fourth win on the trot and a place in the quarter-finals of the World Cup when they…


--DocBreak--
functions for moving video ads to left and right


--DocBreak--
Tri-series in Australia will help us plan better for T20 World Cup: Smriti Mandhana

