Earlier in the day, she said she would "welcome actual partnership, but we do not welcome dictatorship."
 And New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich tweeted after being informed the operation was expanding to Albuquerque that federal law enforcement wasn't welcome.
 "Given the mess it created in Portland, I let him know in no uncertain terms that this isn't the kind of 'help' that Albuquerque needs," he wrote on Twitter.
 Heinrich was referring to a separate Trump administration effort, led by the Department of Homeland Security, to quell protests in Oregon that has drawn scrutiny for its tactics. Leaders there have said the federal law enforcement presence has exacerbated tensions with protesters, who are marching against systemic racism in policing.
 The Trump administration has claimed it has authority to protect a federal courthouse in Portland in explaining its actions.
 On Tuesday, White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany said Trump was "very discouraged by the violence that he's seen in Chicago" and claimed Lightfoot was "clearly unable to control her streets."
 A day earlier, Trump himself suggested he would expand the deployment of federal law enforcement officers to other cities led by Democrats.
 "We're not going to let this happen in our country," he said, naming New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, Baltimore and Oakland, California. "All run by liberal Democrats."
 Trump has turned increasingly to "law and order" themes as he works to portray Biden as weak on crime. His effort began in early June after the murder of Floyd, an unarmed Black man who died in police custody in Minneapolis.
 After mostly peaceful protests spread decrying Floyd's death and larger issues of systemic racism, Trump sought to tamp down on occasional flare-ups of violence and to claim his Democratic rival is weak on crime.
 His attacks, however, have relied on false talking points, including that Biden supports defunding police.
 In fact, Biden has said he supports increasing funds for community policing efforts.
 But that hasn't stopped Trump's campaign from releasing fear-mongering ads that suggest 911 calls would go unanswered if Biden is elected president, including one this week that depicted an elderly woman being attacked in her home.
 Facebook ads in a similar vein depicted protesters attacking police officers, casting the election choice as "public safety vs. chaos and violence."
 Yet the photo of the attack was not from recent events in the United States; its caption on Wikicommons indicated it was taken in 2014 during pro-Democracy protests in Kiev, Ukraine.
  _This story has been updated with additional developments._


--DocBreak--
In 1938, the family moved to a farm, Wurt Wurt Koort in Henty, Western Victoria. As Lindsay recounts, he was tethering a mob of his Grandad's sheep on the Ballarat Rd to Gowanlea, when next minute, a furniture truck goes past filled with furniture, two kids in the front and two kids in the back. An old BSA motorbike followed the truck, ridden by his father George, with his mother in the sidecar along with their family dog, Flossie. His Grandad would tell him to pack up his sugar bag full of his belongings and catch the next train from Wingeel to Henty.


--DocBreak--
Increase in coronavirus cases has Muskegon health director ‘on edge’ - mlive.com


--DocBreak--
JACKSON, MI - Napoleon Township Trustee Dan Gallagher and former township trustee Timothy Horsch are seeking to fill a four-year seat as the township’s supervisor.
 Both are Republican candidates who want to replace Dan Wymer, who filled the vacancy of township supervisor in 2018 after serving as a trustee from 2016-2018. No Democratic candidates are on the ballot and Wymer is not seeking reelection.
 MLive Media Group has partnered with the League of Women Voters of Michigan to provide candidate information and other voting resources to readers ahead of 2020 elections.


--DocBreak--
I’m pissed off’: Frustration as son stuck overseas | Whitsunday Times


--DocBreak--
The Umbrella Academy's Ellen Page 'sick and tired' of saying how fortunate she is 'to be out'


--DocBreak--
He would say "know your weaknesses and know your strengths" and, "you'll never make money just working for yourself, it is those that work for you who will make you achieve your goals in business".

