Manchester United’s recruitment was all over the place and they must follow Liverpool's model, says Giggs | Goal.com


--DocBreak--
The Olympics involve 11,000 athletes and 4,400 are scheduled for the Paralympics. In addition, tens of thousands of games officials, media, and hospitality providers work behind the scenes. About 4.5 million tickets have already been sold for the Olympics.


--DocBreak--
She said her children have been around other kids this summer, making the transition back to school less concerning.


--DocBreak--
Where Singapore is now, he added, is an ‘inflexion point.’ This is a term used in business that indicates "a time of significant change in a situation; a turning point."


--DocBreak--
Mia Venezia was supposed to spend her summer halfway across the world in Taiwan, improving her Chinese language skills and connecting with Chinese students and academics. But due to COVID-19, she is still at home in Frederick.
 She is still learning and connecting though. She is constantly on Zoom calls attending classes and conversing with other students through a program called the National Security Language Initiative for Youth (NSLIY).
 The program is sponsored is by the US State Department and Venezia was chosen among 3,000 applicants to participate.
 “The whole purpose of [the program] is for youth to go overseas and know what it’s like to live in other places and be able to learn the language and, as future workforce participants, be able to communicate successfully and promote peaceful relations,” she said.
 The program focuses on regions or countries whose languages are not traditionally taught in US high schools such as Russian, Arabic, Indonesia, and Chinese languages like Mandarin.
 In Frederick County Public Schools offer high school classes in French, German, Spanish, the classical languages of Latin and Ancient Greek, and American Sign Language.
 Venezia herself feels that the languages offered through FCPS are limited and plans to write a senior capstone paper focusing on the issues, addressed to FCPS Superintendent Terry Alban.
 “Our language curriculum is very Euro-centric so I believe we need a bit of a change in that regard. If we could have Russian classes or Arabic or Chinese classes that would be fantastic and I think our student body would definitely benefit long-term,” Venezia said.
 Through the State Department programs, high school students are chosen to spend a summer abroad participating in intense and immersive language classes.
 Venezia said programs such as this are needed to help prepare the next generation to participate in global politics.
 “We need people who can speak Russian...or Arabic...to help solve our current political affairs,” she said.
 Venezia chose to study Chinese to continue a life-long love of the language. In elementary school, she began taking Chinese language classes that were offered through her school.
 Eventually the classes were discontinued and she never got to finish. She instead turned to Spanish and has taken throughout middle school and her time at Frederick High School, but she never forgot her love for Chinese.
 “Seeing a [Chinese] character to me was like ‘oh my gosh I don’t have to write it out...it’s just a character it’s just a picture in front of my face,’” she said.
 After hearing about the State Department program through a friend, Venezia decided to apply.
 “I thought what a perfect way to go abroad, see a different culture, truly live life in a different place, while furthering a language initiative and not giving up on Chinese,” she said.
 Venezia, who is a rising senior at Frederick High, has always be intrigued by both languages and global affairs. She hopes to double major in economics and Chinese in college with focus in international supply chain economics and a possible double minor in Latin American Studies and Spanish.
 Her dream job is to work for a coffee company.
 “I would absolutely love...to be able to go to a country and really sit down with citizens and ask hey how do you feel about some company coming in and using your coffee,” she said. “Really digging into the supply chain of a commodity we all absolutely love. And really seeing what the human aspect of that is.”


--DocBreak--
“[David] Moyes didn’t last a season and the club recruitment was all over the place,” United legend Giggs told the _Daily Star_ of the struggles at Old Trafford. “You had Sir Alex players, Moyes players, then [Louis] van Gaal, with a different philosophy and different players. Then you’ve got [Jose] Mourinho coming in with his group.


--DocBreak--
But a look at inter-party dynamics and intra-party ideologies paints a less rosy picture. The WP has been known to devise its own electoral strategies without coordinating with other opposition parties. Neither does it have to — most parties steer clear of the WP's strongholds in the eastern half of Singapore and focus their grassroots efforts on the western constituencies.


--DocBreak--
Elliott has emerged as one of the brightest young prospects in the Reds academy since joining the club from Fulham in July 2019. The 17-year-old has already appeared in eight senior matches for Jurgen Klopp's side, with his last coming in the crucial 4-0 Premier League victory over Crystal Palace on June 24.


--DocBreak--
Tra l’altro, c’è da dire che non è affatto la prima che Totti commenta immediatamente le foto di Ilary Blasi con risultati “esilaranti”. Limitandoci soltanto a questa estate, tutti ci ricordiamo di quel ““ _Apposta non ti trovavo oggi_ ” pubblicato sotto una foto a testa in giù della bella Ilary.


--DocBreak--
Bridge Safety: What To Know Before You Hit The Road


--DocBreak--
Elliott has been easy to spot on the pitch due to his trademark ponytail, but he has pledged to chop it off as soon as he registers his first goal in the famous red shirt.


--DocBreak--
Since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013, the Old Trafford club has endured a humbling fall from grace. Inconsistency on the field has been mirrored by questionable deals off it, with big money invested in supposed stars that have failed to deliver on expectations.


--DocBreak--
“I’ve kind of climbed the ladder down,” Purcell said with a laugh.
 Purcell grew up idolizing former Broncos All-Pro linebacker Al Wilson. He saw quarterback John Elway win a pair of Super Bowls while leading one of the NFL’s most storied franchises to the top of mountain.
 After going undrafted in 2013, Purcell spent his first five years in the NFL on and off of various practice squads, at one point spending time on four different teams in a single season. Purcell later bit the bullet and chose to play in a short-lived spring football league that lasted a whopping eight games.
 Fast forward to the summer of 2020, and Purcell enters the 2020 NFL season as a presumptive starter on his hometown team’s fierce defensive line.
 Purcell signed a $3.259 million tender with Denver during the offseason per OvertheCap.com, the first time in seemingly forever Purcell has a team to call his own.
 “It’s just kind of come full circle,” Purcell told WyoSports.
 Don’t take his joy for complacency, though.


--DocBreak--
He further stated that football is fast growing in India and the popularity of European football helps. However, it is down to the Indian FA and the state associations to work in tandem and create the infrastructure to convert the interest in football among kids to something serious and tangible.


--DocBreak--
Upper-level winds later sapped much of the storm's strength, said Stacy Stewart, senior hurricane specialist at the hurricane center in Miami.
 "We were expecting a hurricane to develop and it didn't," Stewart said Sunday. "It's a tale of two storms. If you live on the west side of the storm, you didn't get much. If you live east of the storm, there's a lot of nasty weather there."
 Isaias caused destruction and two deaths as it uprooted trees, destroyed crops and homes and caused widespread flooding and small landslides in the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. One man died in the Dominican Republic. In Puerto Rico, the National Guard rescued at least 35 people from floods that swept away one woman, whose body was recovered Saturday.
 Isaias then snapped trees and knocked out power as it blew through the Bahamas on Saturday. Officials in the Bahamas opened shelters for people in Abaco island to help those who have been living in temporary structures since Dorian devastated the area, killing at least 70 people in September 2019.
 Authorities closed Florida beaches, parks and virus testing sites, lashing signs to palm trees so they wouldn't blow away. Officials also adapted their shelter policies to the pandemic, providing spaces where people could stay safely apart from each other to prevent the spread of the virus.
 In Palm Beach County, about 150 people were in shelters, and they were wearing masks, said emergency management spokeswoman Lisa De La Rionda. The county has a voluntary evacuation order for those living in mobile or manufactured homes, or those who feel their home can't withstand winds.
 In Indian River County, north of West Palm Beach, Florida, emergency shelters were clearing out Sunday after Isaias was downgraded to a tropical storm.
 Officials told TCPalm newspapers that 38 people registered at three schools used as shelters. Those areas now must be cleaned to ensure no traces of the coronavirus remain as teachers and staff report Monday to prepare for the upcoming school year.
 No one checked in with COVID-19 symptoms. Temperature checks were done at the door, officials said, and isolation rooms were designated in case anyone came in with symptoms.
 The storm did not affect the successful return of two astronauts aboard the SpaceX Dragon capsule, which splashed down into calm waters in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Pensacola. Test pilots Doug Hurley and Bob Behnken rode the capsule back to Earth less than a day after departing the International Space Station and two months after blasting off from Florida.
 ___
 Coto reported from San Juan, Puerto Rico. Curt Anderson in St. Petersburg, Cody Jackson in Palm Beach County, Florida, and Julie Walker in New York contributed.
  _Copyright 2020 Associated Press. All rights reserved._


--DocBreak--
"Fans appreciate guys that have to work for the things they get in this business. They get it and they understand that he's paid his dues, and I just hope that they stay the course with Drew and don't get antsy, and nervous, and just make one of those knee-jerk reactions that they normally do, and just shut his water off before he gets a chance to show what his value is."
 On the topic of no fans in attendance, many wrestlers have come out and voiced their displeasure of watching shows without fans including CM Punk and Shane Helms. Anderson empathized with the struggle of performing without fans. He talked about how everything hurts more without the adrenaline of a roaring crowd.
 "I can't even imagine," Anderson admitted. "I have nothing to compare it to other than the first week that I actually trained in the wrestling business and it was just in the back of a furniture store. And it was Ted Allen who was training me, and Tony Zane, and David McGee, just a few of us. Like three or four of us in there, and we're taking bumps and there's no adrenaline rush. There's no music, there are no fans, there are no cut types of outside motivation whatsoever. Those bumps hurt. Every single one of them hurt.
 "I can only imagine with the high impact stuff they do today. Coming down that route, and sliding in that ring, and having a match without the most important thing you need, adrenaline, because it pilots you completely through every match, and if you don't have any, man, I can only imagine how hard that is."
  _If you use any quotes from this article, please credit ARN with a h/t to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription._
  _Mehdy Labriny contributed to this article._

