CARSON CITY, Nev. (AP) - Nevada's governor has signed into law two measures passed by legislators in an emergency session to address laws governing police conduct in light of the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis, who died after an officer pressed a knee to his neck.


--DocBreak--
Masters In Business


--DocBreak--
"I wake up mad. The fact that I'm not able to see my kids on a regular basis, that's what makes me mad. So at the end of the day, for me, I'm not going to dwell on the past," he said. "I think I'm a person that is a self-motivator. Even though the past is the past, I'm not going to keep looking back. For me it's just turn the page and move forward."


--DocBreak--
By this alleged figure, there are indications the ruling party is home and dry, particularly as they managed to prevent the opposition from infiltrating the region with 'foreigners' like it did in the previous register prior to the 2016 elections.  


--DocBreak--
Nevada's governor has signed into law two measures passed by legislators in an emergency session to address laws governing police conduct in light of the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis, who died after an officer pressed a knee to his neck.


--DocBreak--
Getting sloppy at Sunday on the Square


--DocBreak--
But what happened in Indianapolis on the first round?
 On one level it is hard to say because some of the large banks apparently didn’t bother to include race in their data collection.
 I tend to think this was on purpose either because they truly believe in some ridiculous colorblind ideology, and it was their way to stick it to us by messing up the data.
 In either case, it was wrong to not include the data we needed to ensure that the program acted properly. It does not lead to trust and diminishes the propensity for accountability — the reward for their incompleteness.
 Anyway, even with bad data the first round of PPP was not great for Black businesses. Nationally, we saw a 41% decline in Black businesses due to COVID-19 — PPP didn’t save them.
 According to the data the SBA provided, 97 Black firms received loans under $150,00. The SBA data shows that loans to Black businesses ranged from as low as $522 to $141,237.
 In the Latinx community only 60 businesses received loans with the lowest at $1,250 up to $148,600.
 Twenty-seven Black businesses got $150,000 or more but less than $1 million. Seven Black businesses got over $1 million in PPP loans.
 The SBA showed that there were 873 white businesses that received loans up to $150,000, while 406 white businesses received PPP loans greater than $150,000.
 Thirty-seven white businesses received loans between $1 million and $10 million.
 But the real problem is 2,039 loans over $150,000 did not include race and over 8,512 loans did not have race data for loans under $150,000.
 So, we don’t know how many Black businesses benefited from the first round of PPP, only that it looks like we lost nearly half of them due to COVID-19.
 For an industry that is predicated on paperwork, it is shocking that seemingly so few bankers chose to identify the race of the person receiving these precious federal dollars meant to keep all business open.
 The local banking community failed to support the idea that Black businesses mattered by keeping track of who got what – even to make sure they were doing right by our community.
 Corporate Black Lives Matter statements be damned — this isn’t how corporations show Black lives matter.

