National Rifle Association comes under fire


--DocBreak--
CityWatch: New York schools get green light for in-person learning—raising myriad questions


--DocBreak--
A "Camp Fire" in a town called Paradise. At face value, it all sounded so innocent, so bucolic, a Boy Scout's dream. But it was anything but. The events of Nov. 8, 2018, were closer to a hellish scene conjured by Hieronymus Bosch, a flaming purgatory consuming lives and property in wide swaths with ash so thick it rendered morning night. When the smoke cleared, 85 souls were dead and more than 18,000 structures burned to the ground, along with them, the hopes and dreams of the survivors. What would they do next?
 That question intrigued Ron Howard, who as a child spent time in a similarly idyllic town called Mayberry. With camera in hand, he and his crew descended upon Paradise to spend a year watching a community struggling to rise from the ruins. The result is "Rebuilding Paradise," a riveting chronicle of human suffering trumped by the will to pick up the pieces and move forward. You'd think such a project would be inspiring and hopeful, but what Howard finds is something quite different, a wannabe phoenix often futilely flapping its wings into a headwind of stifling government bureaucracy and unforeseen tragedy.
 His focus is on a handful of residents, among them Woody Culleton, a self- described former town drunk who -- unlike Mayberry's Otis -- rose to become mayor of Paradise; Superintendent of Schools Michelle John and her husband, Phil; hunky police officer Matt Gates and his wife, Tenille; and overworked school psychologist Carly Ingersoll. What they all have in common is more than just the loss of their homes.
 Their stories are wrenching, but the emotion stirring you is one of anger rightfully targeted at FEMA, the logging industry and specifically, Pacific Gas and Electric, whose power lines sparked the Camp Fire, so named for its origins on Camp Creek Road. No less than Erin Brockovich arrives in town to stoke up the residents for a litigious fight against the utility monopoly. And what does the Camp Fire, the largest and deadliest blaze in California history, say about Republicans and their refusal to tackle the ever-pressing issue of climate change?
 It's where Howard's film directs its most furious ire, closing out with unforgettable images of the worldwide destruction being caused by the gradual obliteration of the ozone by the fossil fuel industry. It's a stirring montage capped by December's out-of-control wildfires in Australia that killed a billion animals and scorched millions more acres. Ultimately, Howard wants "Rebuilding Paradise" to scare the bejeezus out of us. And all I can say is, mission accomplished.
 In fact, the film's first 10 minutes, chock full of dash-cam footage of the Camp inferno, are scarier than any horror movie I've seen. This should come as no surprise for anyone recalling the realistic scenes of fire Howard depicted in his 1991 blockbuster, "Backdraft." If a filmmaker knows the lethal power of heat and flame, it's Howard. What you don't expect is the amount of emotion he's able to draw from the aftermath of a natural disaster like few have seen. What we witness is not just the leveling of Paradise -- an ideal, like Eden, once again forsaken by God -- but a hole burned clean through your heart. True to Milton's words, it is indeed a Paradise lost.

