In light of the aforementioned, if you source from Canada, make sure you know the five golden rules of aluminum sourcing.


--DocBreak--
These days, the majority of business is done online, period. That requires practically all businesses to have a prominent web presence, and entrepreneurs, as a result, to know a little something about digital marketing. Promoting your business online and attracting new customers is essential to scaling in 2020--even it means doing a lot of marketing legwork yourself for the time being. If you're not sure where to start, The Complete Digital Marketing Growth Hacking Certification Bundle can be a lifeline.
 This nine-course, 41-hour bundle is designed to help you promote your product and convert users across some of today's most popular digital channels. You'll learn actionable branding strategies that can improve your web presence and recognition of your business. And, of course, you'll take a deep dive into social marketing, learning how to advertise effectively on platforms like Facebook.
 Next, you'll learn how to navigate YouTube as a marketer and create a Pinterest page that generates interest and conversions on your products. If you've dismissed YouTube and Pinterest thus far, it's time to rethink your strategy. There are also courses on Google Tag management and SEO, giving you the training you need to create a powerful organic strategy that will attract new leads to your business in search. There's even a course on Amazon FBA, Amazon's fulfillment program that allows you to sell on the world's largest marketplace to earn passive income.
 No matter what stage your business is in, understanding digital marketing can be a key to growth. In The Complete Digital Marketing Growth Hacking Certification Bundle, you'll learn how to leverage Facebook, Google, YouTube, Pinterest, Amazon, and more to build your brand and attract new business. You can pick and choose which courses you want to take now, and which ones you want to revisit at another stage of your business. Right now, you can get the bundle for just $34.99, so sign up and use this resource for years to come.


--DocBreak--
“Everybody wants to win, but it’s all about opportunities for the kids,” Smith said. “It’s about getting chances to go places that they may not otherwise get a chance to go to. It’s also cool to watch them get excited when we win.


--DocBreak--
According to _Accuweather_ , the skies are sunny with temperatures reaching highs of 32 degrees Celsius are expected on Day 1. However, there is a chance of thunderstorms and showers on Day 3 and 4. The overcast conditions are likely to favour the pacers and could trouble the batsmen with some late swing. Another low-scoring match is on the cards when these two sides meet at Brunton Memorial Ground, Radlett. However, as Gubbins' showcased in the last game, batsmen can be in for a long haul if they survive the opening burst from the pacers.


--DocBreak--
"In reaction to the offensive and hazardous manoeuvrings of the United States fighter jets and in order to save the civil aircraft and passengers' lives, the airliner had to change altitude abruptly, causing injuries to the passengers on board," the ambassador said.


--DocBreak--
"We had some chances, our line, unfortunately we didn't get any buries last game," Barzal said. "We hadn't been scored on all series, but at the end of the day, we're out there to create offense. And it was nice to get a couple."


--DocBreak--
The IPS-type panels with wide viewing angles that cover 100 per cent of the sRGB range are framed by exceptionally thin bezels, creating an 85 per cent screen-to-body ratio that makes the laptop feel larger and more engrossing no matter if you create something, stream Netflix or play games.


--DocBreak--
We can turn the tables on Pakistan, says Chris Woakes


--DocBreak--
Zaragoza, 8 ago (EFE).- El Tribunal Superior de Justicia de Aragon (TSJA) ha suspendido de forma cautelar la obligacion que impuso el Gobierno de Aragon el 5 de agosto a todos los establecimientos de hosteleria de la Comunidad de cerrar a la una de la madrugada, pero mantiene esta medida para las comarcas de La Litera, Cinca Medio, Bajo Cinca, Bajo Aragon-Caspe, Comarca Central y municipio de Huesca.


--DocBreak--
I have been working with my grandson, age 12, for the last two weeks doing science and math lessons online. I have never seen education be so boring. Sitting there in front of a small computer screen listening to a talking head drone on presenting fact after fact after fact is beyond painful. There is no enthusiasm or excitement anywhere. I have no idea how this mode of instruction will keep the interest of the children viewing it and make it enjoyable.


--DocBreak--
Pistola e cartucce tra i mattoni della parete, 27enne arrestato a Torre Annunziata - Il Meridiano News


--DocBreak--
The quest for an Olympic medal can break even the best. Gagan Narang had been India's most successful shooter at the world stage post 2006 but his journey to the Olympics in 2004 and 2008 ended in heartbreak. Those defeats had affected the health of his parents as well but the versatile shooter was determined to stand on the Olympic podium. Narang opens up on the turmoil within and how those dark days drove him to Olympic glory at London.


--DocBreak--
"I'm very honored to be the first [Black artistic director] of the Washington Chorus," Rogers said. "I hope to just open the door for many more individuals and women. I'm hoping the classical music world will begin to think even more out of the box and broaden this conversation. I'm humbled and honored to be a part of this long, long history."


--DocBreak--
People will need a small yellow card at airports to show immunization against the COVID-19 virus. Schools, restaurants and sports stadiums will be equipped with quick, inexpensive testing stations for students and customers.
 The world will be fighting coronavirus for the next three to four years as virus hot spots skip from nation to nation, and the pandemic's toll will linger for decades, said Dr. Larry Brilliant, a California epidemiologist who was part of a World Health Organization team in the 1970s that helped eradicate smallpox.
 But it's "not all doom and gloom," with effective vaccines likely to emerge from dozens of candidates worldwide and effective treatments, including convalescent plasma and monoclonal antibodies, to help people recover more quickly, said Brilliant, who chairs Ending Pandemics advisory board.
 "We will still be chasing the virus four years from now. But it won't be like (today)," Brilliant told the USA TODAY Editorial Board on Monday afternoon. "It will be like the smallpox eradication program. The polio eradication program. Having yellow fever in some countries and not in others."
 Still, before vaccine trials weed out contenders from pretenders, the U.S. likely faces a substantial increase in cases and deaths. As of Monday, the nation had 4.7 million cases and 155,165 deaths, according to Johns Hopkins University.
 The immediate challenges are Labor Day get-togethers, the return of schools, flu season in the the fall and winter and long election lines in November, said Brilliant, who was an adviser for the 2011 film "Contagion" and team doctor for the rock band the Grateful Dead.
 Schools are fraught with transmission risks, he said, from bus rides to indoor crowds that can hasten spread - cafeterias, gyms, locker rooms, theaters and indoor swimming pools. And schools often spark respiratory disease and influenza season with infected children bringing viruses home. This will allow COVID-19 to grow and spread to areas where it's caused little disruption so far.
 "We're in for a bad and rocky ride," Brilliant said.
 He said the virus will continue to spread until something stops its growth, possibly the combination of effective vaccines with annual boosters and immunity among those who've developed antibodies to halt or limit future infections.
 A recent study in JAMA Internal Medicine estimated COVID-19 cases ranged from six to 24 times higher than official counts. The large federal study relied on antibody testing data in 10 cities to gauge whether individuals previously were infected with SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. Antibody tests are different than diagnostic tests, which detect whether someone is currently infected.
 Brilliant said that if about 10% of U.S. residents have been infected so far, there's a long road ahead until the population reaches herd immunity and new transmissions burn out. By his estimate, there are "300 million more customers for this disease who have not bought it yet."
 The best way to halt the virus' march to herd immunity is for 50 states to adopt a uniform approach of masks, social distancing, hand-washing and limiting crowded indoor places such as bars and restaurants.
 He said combining those actions in a coordinated way would be as effective without the need for a total shutdown, which would create "political and emotional and economic hell if we close everything down in the same way we did before."
 He wants the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to take a stronger role in urging coordinate action to slow the virus. In the absence of federal leadership, governors could coordinate and act.
 Brilliant said federal health officials have navigated past outbreaks of Ebola, Zika and the swine flu pandemic in 2009-2010, which caused far fewer deaths than COVID-19.


--DocBreak--
"HAOTONG IS THE MOST HANDSOME MAN IN CHINA," reads the stamp -- in red capital letters, no less -- on the back of Li's 60-degree wedge.


--DocBreak--
Mets Fall Short to the Short Handed Marlins


--DocBreak--
The fitness of the mentioned Frenchman himself has been touch and go, but both of Catalonia’s big sports newspapers have him starting up top with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez.


--DocBreak--
Regarding "Trump's many crises were not existential, until now," (A15, Aug 6): Like the giants of the French Revolution, whom he has exhaustively studied, rarely does one encounter a genius with stronger faith in the human spirit than Rob Zaretsky. His piece warns us to recognize what we are facing as citizens, as republicans, as democrats? I use lower-case philosophical terms here -- rather than political labels -- because that is what the truth of existentialism demands. According to Existentialism's credo, it is always and everyone's primary duty to become truly earthshaking, groundbreaking revolutionaries. What those French philosophers, and now Zaretsky, wish to spark in us is the confidence that our own personal actions can and must change the world, and that we have an important choice to make. What is the choice? To me, it must be the choice between humanism and despotism, between our natural tendency to worship humanitarian things and our strange, unnatural tendency to worship totalitarian things. In short, between humanity and tyranny. That's it in a nutshell. May we have the strength and the confidence to go out and make that choice!


--DocBreak--
Isn't this resembling the young journalist who put the late President MCS (may his soul rest in peace) through hell on the back of MMD campaign against the old man?


--DocBreak--
Two police personnel, including an assistant sub-inspector (ASI), was suspended in Madhya Pradesh's (MP) Barwani district, located about 313 kilometres (km) south-west of the state capital Bhopal, by the superintendent of police (SP) on Friday evening after a video clip went viral on social media.
 The 50-second clip showed a policeman is dragging a Sikh by his hair in public amid pushing and jostling, while his companion, belonging to the same faith, is pleading with the law enforcers not to beat him, with folded hands.
 The incident, which reportedly occurred at Palsud, a town in Barwani district and located about 35 km from the district headquarters, on Thursday, sparked a nationwide outrage among the members of the Sikh community and its backlash echoed on social media.
 The MP unit of the Congress, which is the main opposition in the state, demanded stern action against the two police personnel responsible for the incident that reportedly occurred during a routine check on vehicles.
   
   
 The Sikh, identified as Prem Singh, is a resident of Palsud and a granthi at the local Gurdwara, even though the police claimed otherwise.
 The district police authorities, however, denied the charges of excesses.
 They claimed that Singh is facing three criminal charges and his turban fell off during an argument with the policemen, who had stopped him to check his vehicle.
 Barwani district police administration put out a press release to calm down the frayed nerves and the social media outrage over the purported manhandling of a member of the minority Sikh community.
 "Superintendent of Police (SP) Nimish Agrawal has suspended ASI Seetaram Bhatnagar and head constable Mohan Jamre for not initiating action, as per the laid-down procedure. A probe into the incident has been assigned to the sub- divisional officer of police (SDoP), Rajpur," the release stated.
 "During a check on vehicles on Thursday evening, two Sikligars (members of Sikh community), who were travelling on a motorbike were stopped. One of them is Prem Singh, a resident of ward no. 15 of Palsud. Police record showed Prem Singh is facing theft charges under three police stations in Jabalpur district. He got into an altercation, when he was asked to show his two- wheeler's papers. The on-duty police personnel suspected him of driving the vehicle under the influence of alcohol and wanted him to accompany them to a police station for a medical examination. The police personnel has been suspended and a probe has been initiated since they didn't follow the laid- down procedure while conducting the check on the vehicle," it added.
 Later, Singh alleged that the police personnel had demanded Rs 250 from him after he had failed to furnish his two-wheeler's papers. He further alleged that they started thrashing him, when he pleaded his inability to pay up Rs 250 because he had earned only Rs 200 on that day.
 MP Congress president Kamal Nath has spoken in favour of Singh.
 "Prem Singh, who is a granthi, was beaten by the police personnel in an inhuman manner. Such atrocities are an insult to the Sikh religion and can't be tolerated. The state government must take strict action against the guilty," he said,
 Union minister for food processing, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, a Sikh herself, tweeted, "Beastly attack on Giani Prem Singh granthi and other Sikhs in MP is an outrage against humanity. Utterly reprehensible & unacceptable. Sikhs all over the world are deeply shocked. I urge CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan to take immediate and exemplary action against all those guilty of this brutality."
 Several other Sikh leaders, including Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) President Sukhbir Singh Badal, president of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) and national spokesperson of SAD, Manjinder Singh Sirsa, condemned the incident and demanded immediate action against the guilty police personnel.
 MP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who is under home quarantine after his recovery from coronavirus disease (Covid-19), also tweeted, "In Barwani district, ASI Seetaram Bhatnagar and head constable Mohan Jamre have been suspended immediately for inhuman treatment to our Sikh brothers. Such brutality with Sikhs will not be tolerated in any way. The matter will be probed by the DIG (deputy inspector-general), Indore, and strict action will be taken in this regard."


--DocBreak--
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.


--DocBreak--
The Big Sky Conference authenticated multiple earlier reports, announcing Friday its league football season was postponed until the spring because of ongoing concerns with the spread of the coronavirus.
 For Idaho in 2020, there will be no clash with Montana for the storied Little Brown Stein, no Battle of the Domes at Idaho State, and no showing on Eastern Washington’s Inferno.
 The Vandals must wait at least another half year in their quest to reclaim Big Sky relevance. Yet they do still have intentions of trotting out their football team before the new year.
 The league, which originally determined the season’s fate during a widely reported Big Sky Presidents’ Council meeting Thursday, will permit individual programs to continue athletic activities this fall, provided they abide by NCAA legislation and protocols in accordance with local and state health guidelines.
 The Big Sky said fall nonconference play is pending review a day after several credible outlets reported that the league’s athletic directors recommended allowing up to three games to be played for programs meeting certain requirements.
 “Our testing here at the University of Idaho is set up to meet or exceed the recommendations provided by the NCAA,” UI athletic director Terry Gawlik said in a statement. “Pending further review, we will be exploring the option of playing non-conference games this fall. We look forward to releasing more information as it becomes available.”
 Gawlik added: “It was an incredibly difficult decision that was made with the best interests of the student-athletes in mind for the conference as a whole. Moving the Big Sky Conference football season to the spring hopefully affords our league partners more time to prepare and fine tune their health and safety precautions.”
 Idaho already has lost out on nonconference games against Western Oregon and Palouse foe Washington State — a $550,000 payday down the drain — because of coronavirus-spurred league cancellations/amendments.
 Nonetheless, UI’s contest set for Sept. 12 at Temple stands, for now. A school spokesman said the Vandals are hoping to fill out the allowable number of non- Big Sky games, and fall camp remains set to open in Moscow this Friday.
 “We’re still working through (nonconference games),” Big Sky commissioner Tom Wistrcill said during an impromptu Zoom call with reporters. “We’re gonna do a little review here as a conference over the next few days, get our presidents’ council back together next week sometime to make a final decision on nonconference play.”
 The conference is comprised of 13 football members from eight Western states, each of which has its own COVID-19 mandates. Three California schools, EWU and Portland State still cannot stage full practices because of local restrictions.
 Numerous Big Sky programs, including EWU and Montana, likely will not explore fall nonconference prospects, per reports from the Spokesman-Review and Missoulian, respectively.
 According to Wistrcill, expansive NCAA testing and safety requirements were “kind of a tipping point” in the league’s decision. He said timely results, scheduling, cost and the overall accessibility of tests created a “really difficult” situation for several Big Sky athletic departments that already are somewhat strapped for cash. Earlier this week, the NCAA’s governing body charged schools to receive test results in high-contact risk sports within 72 hours of competition.
 “We were heading, I think, kind of in this direction based on a lot of things. But then when you start looking at the requirements for testing, that would’ve been virtually impossible for us to pull off,” he said.
 At UI, the aim is to employ an in-house system capable of testing every student before the semester begins Aug. 24, and for results to be prompt.
 As for the envisaged spring conference season, Wistrcill said its modified outlines will be released in the near future.
 It’ll be made up of eight Big Sky games, and according to ESPN’s Adam Rittenberg, a plan is circulating among Football Championship Subdivision teams that the season potentially could start in early March, with perhaps a truncated postseason that ends around Memorial Day. Wistrcill didn’t address a specific timeframe for a spring season.
 “We’re working on a number of models of when we could start competition. I think what we’re really gonna be working hard on is ... pushing the NCAA and the FCS committee to figure out a championship,” he said. “We need a championship date, we need a bracket, and then we can build a schedule before that.”
 It is anticipated the FCS will soon follow suit and shift its postseason to the spring.
 Wistrcill, when asked what needs to happen for a spring season to be ensured, said the virus simply must be more contained, and much of the decision-making process will be based on what happens with students on campuses this fall.
 “I think we’ll learn a lot about each of our local health communities and how they handle it,” he said. “It’s hard to say there’s three or four things that have to happen, but there definitely has to be some changes. I mean, if we’re in the same place come March that we are in right now, there won’t be any college sports going on.
 “... I do believe we’ll be in a different place (this spring) as a country, and we’ll be able to manage this.”
 Concerning other fall sports — like volleyball, soccer, golf, tennis, swim and dive, and cross country at Idaho — Wistrcill said resolutions are in the works. In July, the Big Sky pushed the start date for most of those sports’ seasons back to Sept. 18.
 “We’re gonna monitor that situation real carefully,” he said. “You’re dealing with smaller population groups. It’s a little easier to test, a little easier to track in those sports that have a smaller group. ... Plus the NCAA hasn’t made a decision on those sports as well, so as of now, there’s still a fall championship.”
 Another uncertainty is the question of eligibility for early enrollees, or student-athletes on schedule to graduate.
 “That’s still a big gray area,” he said. “That might take a couple of weeks as we work through this.”
 Wistrcill would like the Big Sky’s choice to influence other FCS conferences, so the postseason might run more smoothly. There are reportedly nine leagues out of 13 in the subdivision that have pushed their seasons ahead.
 “We believe we’re the best conference in the country in FCS football, and we hope to help drive that decision,” he said.
 “We’ve certainly been communicating our intentions to all the other conferences, and hope they’ll join us in making the spring season the best it can be.”
 On Monday, UI confirmed nine student-athletes tested positive for COVID-19 out of 125 tested since early July, and 15 others had quarantined at some point because of contact-tracing precautions. Sources close to the program said two staffers also have contracted the disease. About half of the other Big Sky schools have reported cases of coronavirus among athletes, as well.
 “It’s never easy to do this, never easy to tell our student-athletes they’re not gonna have a season when they planned, but we’re in very unique circumstances right now, and we have to make some unique decisions,” said Wistrcill, who added the league received input from student-athletes on whether they felt safe participating this fall.
 “I’m just really proud of the way our conference has handled this, a difficult decision, but I’m proud of the fact we could keep the health and safety of our student-athletes at the forefront.”
  _Clark may be reached atcclark@lmtribune.com, on Twitter @ClarkTrib or by phone at (208) 848-2260._


--DocBreak--
toggle audio on and off


--DocBreak--
Carl Sagan once said, “If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe.”


--DocBreak--
Almost 10 years ago, an Air India Express from Dubai to Mangalore crashed while landing. The Boeing 737-800 aircraft, carrying166 passengers on board, overshot the table-top runway and crashed into the valley, before bursting into flames. The crash left only eight survivors.


--DocBreak--
Mets Fall Short to the Short Handed Marlins | SportSpyder


--DocBreak--
Li added a 65 to his first round 67 before Koepka, McIlroy and Woods had even taken to the course. “I’ve got no expectation actually, because you know for the last few months, I’ve stayed at home doing nothing,” said Li. Time will tell if this carefree approach can carry the 25-year-old from Hunan successfully through the closing 36 holes.


--DocBreak--
"At the end of the day, golf is a game of integrity and I never try to get away with anything out there. I'd rather be on the wrong end of the rules rather than on the right end," he said, "because as golfers that's just what we believe."


--DocBreak--
Here it is, then. “The moment of truth,” as the local press have dubbed it.


--DocBreak--
The tragic accident in Kerala last evening when a plane attempting to land amid heavy tailwinds and rain on the table-top runway at the Kozhikode airport has once again shone light on the safety concerns over flight operations at such runways in the country. Eighteen people, including two pilots, were killed in the accident. The safety concerns were first raised following the 2010 Air India Express crash in Mangalore that killed 160 people on board. A court of enquiry report by a former Indian Air Force chief had warned of the hazards of overshooting the paved surface during take-off.The Air India Express flight crash on Friday brings back the memories of the 2010 air crash that too occurred after the plane overshot the runway at the table- top airport in Mangalore.The report by Air marshal BN Gokhale had noted tabletop airports require extra skill and caution while carrying out flight operations. The hazard of 'undershooting' and 'overshooting', in particular, can lead to grave situations, as was the case in the Mangalore accident.The so-called tabletop airport has limited space at the ends of the runway, and several international airlines had stopped flying bigger aircraft into Kozhikode due to safety issues over the length of the runway."While the length of the runway 24/06 is adequate for operations by aircraft such as Airbus A320 and Boeing 737-800, the downward slope at end of R/W 24 leading into hill slope is not recommended if one is to consider the hazards of overshooting the paved surface during takeoff or landing. There is a concrete structure at the end of R/W 24, which cannot be classified as obstruction as per ICAO Annexure-14, since it is below the approach and take off funnel," the report had said."There are three tabletop airports in India from where scheduled flights operate. These are Mangalore, Kozhikode and Lengpui. Because of the undulating terrain and constraints of space, these airfields require extra skill and caution while carrying out flight operations. The hazard of undershooting and overshooting, in particular, can lead to grave situations, as was the case in this accident. These table-top runways also have a problem of access roads around the airfield, which may need to be used in case of aircraft accidents," it added.The narrow and winding roads can delay and hinder the rescue operations, the report had said. The Air India Express flight with 190 on board overshot and fell 50 metres off the end of the runway at the Kozhikode airport in treacherous conditions on Friday, breaking into two - making it one of the deadliest commercial aviation disasters in the country in nearly 10 years.The crash occurred around 7.40pm, when it was raining. It bears eerie similarity to the 2010 Mangalore airport crash when a plane, also an Air India Express Boeing 737, overshot a table-top runway and crashed nose-first into the ground. Aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) said it was raining heavily when pilots of the Boeing 737 plane from Dubai tried to land. The regulator said after landing at Runway 10, the plane continued running till the end of the runway and fell into the valley and broke into two portions. "The visibility was 2,000 meters amid heavy rain, after landing at runway 10 and it overshot the runway and broke down in two pieces," a DGCA official said.According to a playback on flight- tracking website FlightRadar24, the plane circled the airport twice before attempting to land. In its second instance, it aborted the attempt with 2,000 feet to go before the crash landing. The civil aviation ministry's accident investigation division Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) will conduct a detailed investigation into the Air India Express flight crash at Kozhikode airport in Kerala. "An Air India Express flight took off around 0200 hours from Delhi to Kozhikode carrying investigating officers from DGCA and AAIB, CEO of Air India express and other officials of AI and AIE," said AAIB."A second aircraft took off from Mumbai to Kozhikode around 0600hrs in the morning carrying Angels of Air India and GO employees who will coordinate and liaise with various agencies and provide support and assist families of those affected in this incident," the national transporter had said in a statement. The recovery of Digital Flight Data Recorder (DFDR) and the Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) will help piece together what happened during the last moments of the flight. Both have since been recovered, said aviation minister Hardeep Puri this morning. According to Robert A Clifford, lead counsel in the case against Boeing for the last major Boeing crash -- the 737 Max 8 crash in Ethiopia on March 10, 2019 -- and senior partner of Clifford Law Offices, Chicago, the investigation into what caused today's Air India crash will likely focus on the plane itself and pilot error. "Early indications point to pilot error. The weather being involved probably speaks to pilot flight error, but the aircraft's safety systems could have played a role. Investigators will need to evaluate the flight data recorder, cockpit voice recorder, and other devices, along with expert evaluation, to determine what happened," he said. The 2010 report had cautioned of operations at such 'critical airfields'.The DGCA has classified certain airfields as critical which need special qualification for the flight crew to undertake operations. The criteria for classifying airfields as critical are based on various factors such as terrain, length of runway, predominance of inclement weather etc."There are 11 such airfields, which include the table-top runways of Mangalore, Kozhikode and Lengpui. In addition, airfields such as Patna, Jammu, Leh, Port Blair, etc also qualify as 'critical airfields'. The operators can add some more airfields as critical, in case additional caution needs to be exercised during operations. As per SOP of Air India Express, three airfields at Mangalore, Kozhikode and Pune qualify as 'critical airfields'. These airfields are, therefore, cleared for operations by experienced flight crew and take off and landings have to be carried out by the pilot in command (PIC) only," said the report.Following the Mangalore crash, the court of Inquiry recommended setting up of an independent Indian Civil Aviation Safety Board (ICASB) urgently in view of rapid growth of aviation in the country. Such independent safety organisations have been set up in the USA, UK, Canada, France and Indonesia to name a few. The ICASB will focus on all flight safety related issues to suggest proactive measures, to minimise accidents and incidents, it had said. Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council (CASAC) had also warned the authorities 10 years back that Kozhikode runway was very risky for landing during rains and harsh weather conditions.In a letter addressed to the chairman of Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council (CASAC) and civil aviation secretary, CASAC member Captain Mohan Ranganathan had pointed that the Runway 10 of the Kozhikode airport could be risky for landing in tailwind conditions in rain."I understand that Runway 10 ILS is being used on a trial basis at Calicut. Some of the crew are accepting even VOR approach on Runway 10. The reason is the lower minima than Runway 28. However, all the flights that land on Runway 10 in tailwind conditions in rain, are endangering the lives of all on board," he had said.He also said that the airport does not have the minimum Runway End Safety Area (RESA)"The runway strip is just half the minimum width laid down in ICAO Annex 14. This fact was known to the DGCA team that has been conducting inspections and safety assessments during the past several years. Have they considered the danger involved? Has the DGCA or the airlines laid down any operational restrictions or special procedures?" he had written.He also added that the Air India Express accident in Mangalore should have alerted the Airport Authority to make the runway conditions safe. "It is a dangerous situation, especially in wet conditions. Runway 10 approaches should not be permitted in view of the lack of RESA and the terrain beyond the end of the runway. RATIO of 240m should be immediately introduced and the runway length has to be reduced to make the operations safe," he had said.The Boeing 737 jet, on a Vande Bharat mission as flight AIX 1344 from Dubai, was bringing in Indians who were stranded abroad due to the Covid-19 pandemic. In all there were 174 adult passengers on board, 10 infants, two pilots, and four crew members.


--DocBreak--
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation pointed to cracks on the runway, water stagnation and excessive rubber deposits among other lapses in its show- cause notice.


--DocBreak--
The tragic accident in Kerala last evening when a plane attempting to land amid heavy tailwinds and rain on the table-top runway at the Kozhikode airport has once again shone light on the safety concerns over flight operations at such runways in the country. Eighteen people, including two pilots, were killed in the accident.
 The safety concerns were first raised following the 2010 Air India Express crash in Mangalore that killed 160 people on board. A court of enquiry report by a former Indian Air Force chief had warned of the hazards of overshooting the paved surface during take-off.
 The Air India Express flight crash on Friday brings back the memories of the 2010 air crash that too occurred after the plane overshot the runway at the table-top airport in Mangalore.
 The report by Air marshal BN Gokhale had noted tabletop airports require extra skill and caution while carrying out flight operations. The hazard of 'undershooting' and 'overshooting', in particular, can lead to grave situations, as was the case in the Mangalore accident.
   
   
 The so-called tabletop airport has limited space at the ends of the runway, and several international airlines had stopped flying bigger aircraft into Kozhikode due to safety issues over the length of the runway.
 "While the length of the runway 24/06 is adequate for operations by aircraft such as Airbus A320 and Boeing 737-800, the downward slope at end of R/W 24 leading into hill slope is not recommended if one is to consider the hazards of overshooting the paved surface during takeoff or landing. There is a concrete structure at the end of R/W 24, which cannot be classified as obstruction as per ICAO Annexure-14, since it is below the approach and take off funnel," the report had said.
 "There are three tabletop airports in India from where scheduled flights operate. These are Mangalore, Kozhikode and Lengpui. Because of the undulating terrain and constraints of space, these airfields require extra skill and caution while carrying out flight operations. The hazard of undershooting and overshooting, in particular, can lead to grave situations, as was the case in this accident. These table-top runways also have a problem of access roads around the airfield, which may need to be used in case of aircraft accidents," it added.
 The narrow and winding roads can delay and hinder the rescue operations, the report had said.
 The Air India Express flight with 190 on board overshot and fell 50 metres off the end of the runway at the Kozhikode airport in treacherous conditions on Friday, breaking into two - making it one of the deadliest commercial aviation disasters in the country in nearly 10 years.
 The crash occurred around 7.40pm, when it was raining. It bears eerie similarity to the 2010 Mangalore airport crash when a plane, also an Air India Express Boeing 737, overshot a table-top runway and crashed nose-first into the ground.
 Aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) said it was raining heavily when pilots of the Boeing 737 plane from Dubai tried to land. The regulator said after landing at Runway 10, the plane continued running till the end of the runway and fell into the valley and broke into two portions. "The visibility was 2,000 meters amid heavy rain, after landing at runway 10 and it overshot the runway and broke down in two pieces," a DGCA official said.
 According to a playback on flight-tracking website FlightRadar24, the plane circled the airport twice before attempting to land. In its second instance, it aborted the attempt with 2,000 feet to go before the crash landing. The civil aviation ministry's accident investigation division Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) will conduct a detailed investigation into the Air India Express flight crash at Kozhikode airport in Kerala.
 "An Air India Express flight took off around 0200 hours from Delhi to Kozhikode carrying investigating officers from DGCA and AAIB, CEO of Air India express and other officials of AI and AIE," said AAIB.
 "A second aircraft took off from Mumbai to Kozhikode around 0600hrs in the morning carrying Angels of Air India and GO employees who will coordinate and liaise with various agencies and provide support and assist families of those affected in this incident," the national transporter had said in a statement.
 The recovery of Digital Flight Data Recorder (DFDR) and the Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) will help piece together what happened during the last moments of the flight. Both have since been recovered, said aviation minister Hardeep Puri this morning.
 According to Robert A Clifford, lead counsel in the case against Boeing for the last major Boeing crash -- the 737 Max 8 crash in Ethiopia on March 10, 2019 -- and senior partner of Clifford Law Offices, Chicago, the investigation into what caused today's Air India crash will likely focus on the plane itself and pilot error.
 "Early indications point to pilot error. The weather being involved probably speaks to pilot flight error, but the aircraft's safety systems could have played a role. Investigators will need to evaluate the flight data recorder, cockpit voice recorder, and other devices, along with expert evaluation, to determine what happened," he said.
 The 2010 report had cautioned of operations at such 'critical airfields'.
 The DGCA has classified certain airfields as critical which need special qualification for the flight crew to undertake operations. The criteria for classifying airfields as critical are based on various factors such as terrain, length of runway, predominance of inclement weather etc.
 "There are 11 such airfields, which include the table-top runways of Mangalore, Kozhikode and Lengpui. In addition, airfields such as Patna, Jammu, Leh, Port Blair, etc also qualify as 'critical airfields'. The operators can add some more airfields as critical, in case additional caution needs to be exercised during operations. As per SOP of Air India Express, three airfields at Mangalore, Kozhikode and Pune qualify as 'critical airfields'. These airfields are, therefore, cleared for operations by experienced flight crew and take off and landings have to be carried out by the pilot in command (PIC) only," said the report.
 Following the Mangalore crash, the court of Inquiry recommended setting up of an independent Indian Civil Aviation Safety Board (ICASB) urgently in view of rapid growth of aviation in the country. Such independent safety organisations have been set up in the USA, UK, Canada, France and Indonesia to name a few.
 The ICASB will focus on all flight safety related issues to suggest proactive measures, to minimise accidents and incidents, it had said.
 Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council (CASAC) had also warned the authorities 10 years back that Kozhikode runway was very risky for landing during rains and harsh weather conditions.
 In a letter addressed to the chairman of Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council (CASAC) and civil aviation secretary, CASAC member Captain Mohan Ranganathan had pointed that the Runway 10 of the Kozhikode airport could be risky for landing in tailwind conditions in rain.
 "I understand that Runway 10 ILS is being used on a trial basis at Calicut. Some of the crew are accepting even VOR approach on Runway 10. The reason is the lower minima than Runway 28. However, all the flights that land on Runway 10 in tailwind conditions in rain, are endangering the lives of all on board," he had said.
 He also said that the airport does not have the minimum Runway End Safety Area (RESA)
 "The runway strip is just half the minimum width laid down in ICAO Annex 14. This fact was known to the DGCA team that has been conducting inspections and safety assessments during the past several years. Have they considered the danger involved? Has the DGCA or the airlines laid down any operational restrictions or special procedures?" he had written.
 He also added that the Air India Express accident in Mangalore should have alerted the Airport Authority to make the runway conditions safe. "It is a dangerous situation, especially in wet conditions. Runway 10 approaches should not be permitted in view of the lack of RESA and the terrain beyond the end of the runway. RATIO of 240m should be immediately introduced and the runway length has to be reduced to make the operations safe," he had said.
 The Boeing 737 jet, on a Vande Bharat mission as flight AIX 1344 from Dubai, was bringing in Indians who were stranded abroad due to the Covid-19 pandemic. In all there were 174 adult passengers on board, 10 infants, two pilots, and four crew members.


--DocBreak--
The business can sustain the consequences in the long term, however, in the short term, "the operating environment will remain challenging and unpredictable," Bill Hornbuckle, who took over as CEO and president of MGM Resorts on July 29, said in a statement.


--DocBreak--
Earlier this week, I was walking around the streets near Kelley Square working on a story, when I passed the Table Talk Pie Store.
 "I really want a Table Talk Pie," I thought. "I should go in."
 It was a tempting thought, but I resisted and walked off. I just haven't been able to bring myself to go into any restaurants since March.
 It really is killing me not to go out to eat occasionally, especially to places like the Table Talk Pie Store, which is basically a coffee shop that features Table Talk Pies.
 I have an admission to make. Although Table Talk Pies are not the best pies I have ever tasted (my family has a long tradition of really great apple pies), I like them and have never turned one down when offered. They are a happy childhood memory, and I still enjoy them. For me Table Talk is one of the must-try tastes of Worcester, like Coney Island Hot Dogs.
 But I resisted going into the store because I am trying to be careful about social distancing. I always err on the side of caution when it comes to COVID-19.
 I was working on a story updating the progress of rebuilding Kelley Square. The square has for many years been an infamous Worcester traffic nightmare possessed by some sort of demon that has been (blank)-bent on destroying any driver who had the temerity to enter the tangle of converging roads and believe he could make it all the way to the other side. It has long been at the top of the list of places people can go if they feel like watching an accident happen.
 The new design appears to have already tamed it, and there is still some work to do. In the past people drove through there and mumbled under their breath, "(Blankety-blank) Kelley Square." Now they seem much happier, smiling as they drive along, listening to music and thinking, "Hey! I should visit that pizza place on the corner. Hmmm. I didn't know there was a brew yard here. Huh! This looks like an interesting place to visit, except the creepy reporter shooting video of my car."
 I spent quite a while worrying drivers as I put together a video and a story that will, no doubt win me a major prize if prizes are awarded for writing about Kelley Square.
 In walking around, at some point I circled past the Table Talk Store again. This time I couldn't resist. The prices were good, and the pies were lined up invitingly in the window. I justified going in because I might be able to get a quote for my story.
 But I did not make the choice without some worry. I stood outside like Hamlet debating, "To be or not to be," but finally opened the door, went in, and ordered the coffee and pie special.
 The point of all of this is not my decision to get myself an apple pie for lunch instead of just eating the couple of pieces of fruit and a container of cut carrots, cukes and celery I usually bring to the office. It was a big deal because it was my first visit inside a restaurant since March.
 Both the pie and coffee were great, and I highly recommend that people visit Table Talk. What really amazed me was how difficult it was to make up my mind and do something that six months ago I would have done without hesitation.
 I am a coffee shop addict. I love visiting the old school coffee joints, the modern coffee roasteries, big chain coffee shops and just about any place where you are lured in for coffee and the food that goes with it.
 I love coffee, but I especially love the people who hang out in these places, some of whom I regularly interact with. Coffee shops are the Central Massachusetts version of the Parisian cafes expatriates Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald haunted in the 1920s.
 Before COVID-19 some people would spend half the day in their favorite coffee shops, reading, writing and especially drinking coffee. I would often go out and get a coffee while I edited my column. Now going places has me in a dither. What's safe? While enjoying my Worcester-made pie, I debated over and over in my mind whether I had made a mistake or not.
 In the Table Talk Pie Store they seemed to do everything right. The place was clean, the worker wore a mask, and you could keep good distance apart when ordering. I shouldn't worry, but I do.
 These are confusing times.
 I really can't wait until the day comes when I can just do things I enjoy, and not worry about the possibility of getting sick or even dying. Restaurants need our business. We need the joy they bring to our lives. I miss just getting out on the town.
 I know the situation is still bad. I understand, and I will be careful, but as I sat in Kelley Square, munching away on my Table Talk Pie, I thought, "I really can't wait for this pandemic to end."
 Contact George Barnes at george.barnes@telgram.com. Follow him on Twitter @GeorgebarnesJr     


--DocBreak--
contentWidth' : '1020px', // size of the regular content in pixel or Distance between the Left and Right Ad in pixel


--DocBreak--
The sale of the XFL to a team that consists of star Dwayne Johnson was authorized Friday early morning in a Delaware personal bankruptcy court.


--DocBreak--
The iconic MCG will not lose out on hosting India for the Boxing Day Test if crowds are allowed inside the stadium, Cricket Australia (CA) interim chief executive Nick Hockley said on Saturday. It is being speculated that the Boxing Day Test during India's tour later this year could be shifted to Adelaide in the wake of rising number of coronavirus cases in the state of Victoria.
 "It comes down to if we can get a crowd at the MCG we'll play at the MCG," Hockley was quoted as saying by _cricket.com.au_. "All the restrictions that are ongoing, we are just hopeful that they take very quick effect and we get back on top of the situation and people can get out and about, we can get back to crowds and get back to live events."
 Hockley said the CA is full steam ahead with the planning "in the anticipation that we'll be back to some level of normalcy by that point in time".
 "It's one of the most iconic events on the Australian sporting calendar. Certainly, at this stage we are planning full steam ahead. We're in really constructive discussions with the BCCI (the Indian cricket board) and the government to make sure we get all the travel exemptions for India to come," he said.
 The Melbourne Cricket Ground, one of the iconic venues in world cricket, had hosted 86,174 fans for the women's World Cup final in March this year.
 "We are having to remain agile, certainly we're looking at contingency planning across the entire summer. Not necessarily specific to certain matches, but our entire events," said Hockley. "As things change we're doing everything we can and we have all the back-up arrangements to make sure we get cricket played."


--DocBreak--
The world No. 15 fired a two-over 72 on Friday to make the cut at the PGA Championship, but his even-par 140 total leaves him eight shots behind leader Li Haotong of China.


--DocBreak--
As the raging pandemic had sent the economy into a tailspin, it's best at the moment to "dance with the virus,"...


--DocBreak--
A former girlfriend told the newspaper: ‘He had a heart of gold but a lot of us lost touch with him ten years ago. Obviously he had serious problems.’


--DocBreak--
The timing is coincidental, but unfortunate. Phones can take more than a year to cycle through the pipeline, so when Samsung's designers and engineers were plotting the Note 20 refresh, the feature roadmap was well established. The Note line has always stood for software and specs that went above and beyond. While many of the features and updates, like new S Pen gestures tuned to operating PowerPoint presentations, will make sense for a post-pandemic world, the state of COVID-19 cases today forms a weak argument for the "normal" activities that merit such a device.
 That isn't to say that the Note 20 and 20 Ultra won't have a place in the who's who list of 2020 phones, though it's too soon to know. I spend all day on my laptop, but still often reach for my phone as a second or even preferred screen to read in bed, on the couch or at the kitchen table when I want a change of pace. I use mobile payments more than I ever did before, as shops in my area eschew cash in favor of touchless transactions. And battery life is still of the utmost importance as I reconnect with friends and coworkers during hours-long walks with just my phone as a way to get fresh air. Samsung, too, says mobile usage has been up during this time.
 The difference is that, without an end to the pandemic in sight, it feels harder to get on board with a phone whose main features feel less compelling at the outset by dint of the times. In truth, I _hope_ the Note 20 and Note 20 Ultra win me over when I get to try out the review units. I _hope_ Samsung's trade-in and yearly upgrade programs entice its loyal customers to upgrade to a device that may well deliver the kind of core functionality, long-term battery life and pleasing extras that can make a phone fun to use for years.


--DocBreak--
To determine whether the risk of being exposed in prison to sickness or death from COVID-19 is disproportionate punishment requires paying attention to prison conditions. One question to ask is whether the harsh conditions of life behind bars are part of a criminal’s punishment or merely a collateral consequence of their sentence.


--DocBreak--
The iconic MCG will not lose out on hosting India for the Boxing Day Test if crowds are allowed inside the stadium, Cricket Australia (CA) interim chief executive Nick Hockley said on Saturday. It is being speculated that the Boxing Day Test during India's tour later this year could be shifted to Adelaide in the wake of rising number of coronavirus cases in the state of Victoria. "It comes down to if we can get a crowd at the MCG we'll play at the MCG," Hockley was quoted as saying by cricket.com.au. "All the restrictions that are ongoing, we are just hopeful that they take very quick effect and we get back on top of the situation and people can get out and about, we can get back to crowds and get back to live events." Hockley said the CA is full steam ahead with the planning "in the anticipation that we'll be back to some level of normalcy by that point in time"."It's one of the most iconic events on the Australian sporting calendar. Certainly, at this stage we are planning full steam ahead. We're in really constructive discussions with the BCCI (the Indian cricket board) and the government to make sure we get all the travel exemptions for India to come," he said.The Melbourne Cricket Ground, one of the iconic venues in world cricket, had hosted 86,174 fans for the women's World Cup final in March this year."We are having to remain agile, certainly we're looking at contingency planning across the entire summer. Not necessarily specific to certain matches, but our entire events," said Hockley. "As things change we're doing everything we can and we have all the back-up arrangements to make sure we get cricket played."


--DocBreak--
SAN FRANCISCO — Still young, often inconsistent, forever fearless, Li Haotong is capable of just about anything on a big stage in golf. He was at his best Friday in the PGA Championship.
 Three years after his 63 in the final round of the British Open, Li hit only four fairways at Harding Park and still managed a 5-under 65 that made him the first Chinese player to have the lead after any round at any major.
 The 25-year-old Li capped a bogey-free round with his eighth start par and was at 8-under 132, two shots ahead of a big group that include — who else? — Brooks Koepka, the two-time defending champion.
 Much farther back was Tiger Woods, who found more fairways but struggled on the greens, ranking 131st in the key putting statistic against the 156-man field. He flirted with the cut line until a birdie on the 16th kept him safe, and his 72 put him eight shots behind.
 Woods wasn’t alone in his struggles. Rory McIlroy ran off four straight birdies around the turn and gave nearly all of the away with a triple bogey on the 12th hole, three-putting from 7 feet once he finally got on the green. He had a 69 and was seven shots behind. Justin Thomas, the world’s No. 1 player, also had to rally to make the cut on the number.
 And so on the public gem in San Francisco with a history of the biggest stars winning, the 36-hole leader is got his start on the PGA Tour-China Series and currently is No. 114 in the world.
 Surprised? So was he.
 Li was in China as the pandemic shut down golf. He returned three weeks ago and missed the cut, and then tied for 75th in a 78-man field at a World Golf Championship.
 “I didn’t even (think) I could play like this ... got no confidence,” Li said. “Probably it helped me clear my mind a little bit.”
 Getting as much attention was the logo on his hat — WeChat, the Chinese social media company and one of his biggest sponsors. Li was in the spotlight at Harding Park one day after President Donald Trump signed executive orders on a vague ban of WeChat and TikTok in 45 days.
 Just as unclear was whether Li was aware of the development.
 “I don’t know,” he said. “Who knows?”
 Koepka was more worried about a tight hip that a nagging left knee, and he had a trainer come out to stretch and twist him three times along the back nine. It loosened him up enough for Koepka to post a 68. It’s the fifth time in his last eight majors that he has gone into the weekend within three shots of the lead.
 “I felt like I probably could be 10 (under) right now,” he said. “Hit a lot of good putts, just didn’t go in. ... But driving it pretty well. Iron play, I’m pretty pleased with. You know, I like where I’m at.”
 Also at 6-under 134 were former PGA champion Jason Day (69), former U.S. Open champion Justin Rose (68), Tommy Fleetwood (64), Daniel Berger (67) and Mike Lorenzo-Vera of France, who closed with a 15-foot bogey putt for a 68.
 Two dozen players were separated by five shots at the halfway point.
 Li is a two-time winner on the European Tour, most recently in 2018 at the Dubai Desert Classic when he rallied down the stretch to beat McIlroy by one shot.
 He was sensational at Royal Birkdale in 2017 — only five other players have 63 in the final round of a major. But he had a terrible week in his Presidents Cup debut at Royal Melbourne in December. When he first came to America, he made fast friends on the developmental tours with his constant laughter, engaging personality and aggressive play.
 “He’s got the arsenal to take it low,” said Adam Scott, his teammate at Royal Melbourne. “But we don’t see that kind of consistency out of him, and that probably matches his personality a little bit. He’s young, though, and that’s the kind of golf he plays. He plays pretty much all guns blazing, and when it comes off, it’s really good.”
 And when it doesn’t? He beat Koepka in the Match Play last year and reached the round of 16. But that was his last top 10 in America. And then there was the Presidents Cup.
 Li brought his trainer to be his caddie, and the caddie got lost on the course during a practice round, gave up and headed for the clubhouse. Instead of finding him, Li played the rest of the round out of another player’s bag. International captain Ernie Els wound up benching him for two days, playing Li only when he had to. Li lost both matches he played.
 “It’s been very tough on me, the Presidents Cup, because I didn’t play until Saturday,” Li said. “So not quite in the Presidents that way, actually. But anyways, good experience.”
 Another one awaits.
 Li was seen at the practice range and putting green much of the afternoon, although Golf Channel reported he had gone to rental home for lunch and a nap. True, there’s not much to do during health protocols in place for the pandemic. And he’s young enough that energy shouldn’t be a problem.
 But it sets up Saturday as a critical day, for Li and for Koepka, for Woods and Dustin Johnson, for everyone chasing a major championship trophy that hasn’t been awarded since the British Open a year ago in July.


--DocBreak--
Pistola e cartucce tra i mattoni della parete, 27enne arrestato a Torre Annunziata


--DocBreak--
Just bite the bullet. Book Steve Carell for the chest wax. Get it done.


--DocBreak--
At a  press briefing in July, WHO director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said: "Smoking kills 8 million people a year, but if users need more motivation to kick the habit, the pandemic provides the right incentive."


--DocBreak--
Samsung still gave the Note 20 Ultra an 108-megapixel camera option -- you tap it to turn it on when you want the full resolution. When it comes to zoom, the Note 20 falls back to 50x zoom, with the Note 20 settling in at 30x.
 It's interesting to see Samsung backtrack like this, but the company seems to be responding to feedback that the S20 Ultra was too expensive and its 100x zoom wasn't good enough or useful enough to justify the price.
 The Note 20 Ultra has 5x optical zoom, which should make photos taken in that range crisper and clearer than using digital zoom alone. We'll soon see.
 Faster autofocus in the Note 20 Ultra is also designed to give it an edge over the standard Note 20, so you can snap photos of squirmy pets, amusing facial expressions and flapping hummingbirds faster, without missing the shot.
 A pro video mode packs in more manual tools and options for capturing footage, which should make aspiring moviemakers happy. This has been one of Samsung's weaker areas for several years, compared to the latest iPhone. As with the Galaxy S20 Ultra, both phones support 8K video capture. Just be aware, it'll make video files enormous on and off your phone.
 Writing is one thing Galaxy Note phones do best.


--DocBreak--
WASHINGTON — A last-ditch effort by Democrats to revive Capitol Hill talks on vital COVID-19 rescue money collapsed in disappointment Friday, making it increasingly likely that Washington gridlock will mean more hardship for millions of people who are losing enhanced jobless benefits and further damage for an economy pummeled by the still-raging coronavirus.
 President Donald Trump said Friday night he was likely to issue more limited executive orders related to COVID-19, perhaps in the next day or so, if he can’t reach a broad agreement with Congress.
 The day’s negotiations at the Capitol added up to only “a disappointing meeting,” declared top Senate Democrat Chuck Schumer, saying the White House had rejected an offer by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to curb Democratic demands by about $1 trillion. He urged the White House to “negotiate with Democrats and meet us in the middle. Don’t say it’s your way or no way.”
 Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said, “Unfortunately we did not make any progress today.” Republicans said Pelosi was relying on budget maneuvers to curb costs and contended she has overplayed her hand.
 Often an impasse in Washington is of little consequence for the public — not so this time. It means longer and perhaps permanent expiration of a $600 per- week bonus pandemic jobless benefit that’s kept millions of people from falling into poverty. It denies more than $100 billion to help schools reopen this fall. It blocks additional funding for virus testing as cases are surging this summer. And it denies billions of dollars to state and local governments considering furloughs as their revenue craters.
 Ahead is uncertainty. Both the House and Senate have left Washington, with members sent home on instructions to be ready to return for a vote on an agreement. With no deal in sight, their absence raises the possibility of a prolonged stalemate that stretches well into August and even September.
 Speaking from his New Jersey golf club Friday evening, Trump said “if Democrats continue to hold this critical relief hostage I will act under my authority as president to get Americans the relief they need.”
 Trump said he may issue executive orders on home evictions, student loan debt and allowing states to repurpose COVID relief funding into their unemployment insurance programs. He also said he’ll likely issue an executive order to defer collection of Social Security payroll taxes, an idea that has less support among his Republican allies.
 White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows said, “This is not a perfect answer — we’ll be the first ones to say that — but it is all that we can do, and all the president can do within the confines of his executive power.”
 Friday’s Capitol Hill session followed a combative meeting Thursday evening that for the first time cast real doubt on the ability of the Trump administration and Democrats to come together on a fifth COVID-19 response bill. Pelosi summoned Mnuchin and Meadows in hopes of breathing life into the negotiations, which have been characterized by frustration and intransigence on both sides — particularly on top issues such as extending the bonus jobless benefit that expired last week.
 Pelosi declared the talks all but dead until Meadows and Mnuchin give ground.
 “I’ve told them ‘come back when you are ready to give us a higher number,’ ” she said.
 The breakdown in the negotiations is particularly distressing for schools, which have been counting on billions of dollars from Washington to help with the costs of reopening. But other priorities are also languishing, including a fresh round of $1,200 direct payments to most people, a cash infusion for the struggling Postal Service and money to help states hold elections in November.
 In a news conference on Friday, Pelosi said she offered a major concession to Republicans.
 “We’ll go down $1 trillion, you go up $1 trillion,” Pelosi said. The figures are approximate, but a Pelosi spokesman said the speaker is in general terms seeking a “top line” of perhaps $2.4 trillion since the House-passed HEROES Act is scored at $3.45 trillion. Republicans say their starting offer was about $1 trillion but have offered some concessions on jobless benefits and aid to states, among others, that have brought the White House offer higher.
 Mnuchin said renewal of a $600 per-week pandemic jobless boost and huge demands by Democrats for aid to state and local governments are the key areas where they are stuck.
 “There’s a lot of areas of compromise,” he said after Friday’s meeting. “I think if we can reach an agreement on state and local and unemployment, we will reach an overall deal. And if we can’t, we can’t.”
 Democrats have offered to reduce her almost $1 trillion demand for state and local governments considerably, but some of Pelosi’s proposed cost savings would accrue chiefly because she would shorten the timeframe for benefits like food stamps.
 Pelosi and Schumer continue to insist on a huge aid package to address a surge in cases and deaths, double-digit joblessness and the threat of poverty for millions of the newly unemployed.
 On Friday, they pointed to the new July jobs report to try to bolster their proposals. The report showed that the U.S. added 1.8 million jobs last month, a much lower increase than in May and June.
 “It’s clear the economy is losing steam,” Schumer said. “That means we need big, bold investments in America to help average folks.”
 Senate Republicans have been split, with roughly half of Majority Leader Mitch McConnell’s rank and file opposed to another rescue bill at all. Four prior coronavirus response bills totaling almost $3 trillion have won approval on bipartisan votes despite intense wrangling, but conservatives have recoiled at the prospect of another Pelosi-brokered agreement with a whopping deficit- financed cost.
 McConnell has kept his distance from the negotiations while coordinating with Mnuchin and Meadows.
 In addition to restoring the lapsed $600-per-week bonus jobless benefit, Pelosi and Schumer have staked out a firm position to extend demanded generous child care assistance and reiterated their insistence on additional funding for food stamps and assistance to renters and homeowners facing eviction or foreclosure.
 “This virus is like a freight train coming so fast and they are responding like a convoy going as slow as the slowest ship. It just doesn’t work,” Pelosi said Friday.


--DocBreak--
It is in black and white that should the people of Zambia allow HH and UPND government or anyone affiliated to UPND to lead this country in 2021 by any means, then, that will mark the end of Zambia.


--DocBreak--
Hampshire are against the odds when they take the field against Middlesex at Brunton Memorial Ground, Radlett. They are further set back by the unavailability of James Vince and Liam Sawson, due to their national team commitments. Middlesex are likely to make it two wins in two as the visitors look really thin on paper and would need something extraordinary to upset the odds.


--DocBreak--
Rana Daggubati is set to tie the knots with Miheeka Bajaj on August 8, 2020. The actor received wishes from several people including celebrities and close friends. He also received wishes from 'The Baahubali Kingdom' which he shared on his social media. Read on:


--DocBreak--
Thiago Silva's eight years as a Paris Saint-Germain player are about to come to an end and the Brazilian centre-back has one piece of unfinished business to contend with as the Qatar-owned club head to Lisbon targeting Champions League glory.
 That is something that has so far eluded Silva and PSG, despite all the money Qatar Sports Investments have ploughed in.
 A humiliating collapse against Manchester United last season meant a third consecutive last-16 exit, but this time they are through to a first quarter- final since 2016 and face Atalanta in Lisbon on Wednesday.
 "I have seen everything here. This competition is so important, for the players but also for the club. Winning it was the objective when I came here," Silva, whose contract is about to expire, said in an interview with AFP.
 The game is being played as a one-off tie behind closed doors in the Portuguese capital after UEFA were forced to rethink the tournament format due to the coronavirus pandemic.
 PSG secured qualification just before football ground to a halt in mid-March, as they overturned a 2-1 first-leg deficit by beating Borussia Dortmund 2-0.
 That game was played behind closed doors too but the PSG players celebrated their victory with thousands of fans who had gathered, somewhat irresponsibly, outside the ground.
 However, the outpouring of emotion was understandable after the disappointments of previous years, including the astonishing exit at the hands of Barcelona in 2017 despite winning the first leg 4-0.
 "The game there (in Dortmund) was very difficult, we lost and thoughts went back to what happened last year against Manchester United, and our three consecutive eliminations before the quarters," Silva said.
 "That was difficult to stomach but we knew what we wanted to do, to turn it around and qualify for the fans even though they weren't in the stadium."
 Silva joined from AC Milan in 2012. He has been a cornerstone ever since in a side that has completely dominated French football, winning seven of the last eight Ligue 1 titles.
 Last weekend Silva played as PSG beat Lyon on penalties to win the League Cup and secure a fourth domestic treble in six seasons. But European success has not come so easily.
 "It's not easy to stay in Paris for eight years. I am really happy with everything I have done here, how the supporters have come to respect me. It's magnificent," he said.
 "I hope to end the adventure by winning the Champions League, that's the dream."
 \- 'Big opportunity' -
 Silva has loved life in France so much that he has gone on to take French nationality but he was told in the spring that he had no future at the club beyond this season.
 The Brazilian international will be 36 next month and Leonardo, the club's sporting director, is looking to rebuild.
 Edinson Cavani, PSG's all-time record scorer, and Belgian right-back Thomas Meunier were also told they could leave.
 Both have already departed, with Meunier joining Dortmund. But Silva accepted the offer to extend his contract -- which initially expired in June -- by an extra two months to feature in the Champions League 'Final Eight'.
 "I don't know the context for Meunier and Cavani but for me it was important to finish the season here," Silva added.
 "I also know the players here and this year I feel we have a big opportunity to go all the way.
 "The desire and the quality in the squad gives me that feeling. If I start something I want to finish it. I might win or lose but I will give everything to finish it well."
 If PSG beat Atalanta they will meet either RB Leipzig or Atletico Madrid in the semi-finals. The final is on August 23.
 Beyond that, Silva has been linked with a return to Italy -- he spent three years at Milan -- or a move to Everton, coached by Carlo Ancelotti, under whom he played when he arrived in Paris.
 But you sense that he would still love to stay where he is.
 "That depends on the club, it's not down to me," he said.


--DocBreak--
Unanswered Questions on Paper Help That You Should Think About


--DocBreak--
Rana Daggubati and Miheeka Bajaj shake a leg as they celebrate at their Haldi ceremony


--DocBreak--
Again, exactly a year ago, the national aviation regulator, the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), had issued a warning to Calicut (Karipur) International Airport after an audit. The show cause notice said, “Excessive rubber deposits are observed....” on the runways, which could reduce friction, leading to the unsafe landing of aircraft, especially during heavy rain.


--DocBreak--
“I think today was a little bit more hyped up because it was robbing a homer,” Verdugo said. “When you make a diving play, all that, you just do the typical tip your cap at some of the players and say, I got you. But yeah, taking a home run back, that’s one of the most exciting plays in baseball, and after just hitting one, I was on cloud nine. I was letting it out.”


--DocBreak--
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) — The NBA playoff picture is getting a little clearer, and the Eastern Conference field of qualifiers is now set.
 Brooklyn and Orlando clinched the last two remaining East spots Friday, meaning no play-in series — a new wrinkle added to the rules of the NBA's season restart at Walt Disney World — will be needed on that half of the bracket.
 Brooklyn secured its trip by defeating Sacramento 119-106. Orlando's spot was clinched when Washington lost to New Orleans 118-107 later Friday, eliminating the Wizards from contention.
 The Nets and Magic will be No. 7 and No. 8, in some order, in the East playoffs. The No. 8 seed will face the Milwaukee Bucks in the opening round of the playoffs, which begin Aug. 17. The No. 7 seed could meet the reigning NBA champion Toronto Raptors, who currently hold — but have not secured — the East's No. 2 spot.
 For the Nets, the clinching comes as something to savor in a topsy-turvy season.
 Kevin Durant couldn't play at all because of his recovery from Achilles surgery — yet still got a $1 million contract bonus because Brooklyn made the postseason. Kyrie Irving missed much of the year because of injury, the Nets had several regulars opt out of participating in the restart, changed coaches in March and have used 24 players so far this season.
 "It's great to punch our own ticket into the playoffs," Nets coach Jacque Vaughn said. "I joked with the guys: I like my laundry being done, but nothing like doing your own laundry."
 Orlando could have clinched with a win Friday, but lost to Philadelphia 108-101. The Wizards lost about an hour later, falling to 0-5 in the bubble. Washington was one of nine teams from the East who qualified for the restart, but has since fallen behind Charlotte into 10th place in the conference.
 Philadelphia's win tightened the race for No. 4 in the East. The 76ers (42-27) are tied with Indiana for the fifth-best record in that conference, one game behind fourth-place Miami (43-26).
 The race for the last unclaimed playoff spot in the Western Conference remains close, with teams vying to grab the No. 8 spot and play the Los Angeles Lakers in the first round. If the eighth- and ninth-place teams are within four games of one another when the seeding game schedule ends next week, there will be a two-game series to determine who gets the last playoff spot.
 Should that series take place, the ninth-place team would have to go 2-0 in a best-of-two series to advance.
 Memphis remained alone in eighth out West, after the Grizzlies snapped a four- game bubble losing streak by beating Oklahoma City on Friday 121-92. The Grizzlies are one game ahead of Portland in the West standings.
 "We channeled what we've done all season long," Grizzlies coach Taylor Jenkins said. "We played Grizzlies basketball. Grizzlies basketball equals Grizzlies wins, more often than not. We hadn't done that in the first four games."
 San Antonio leaped idle Phoenix into 10th in the West by beating Utah 119-111, with the Spurs improving to 3-2 in the bubble. The Spurs (30-38) are one game behind Portland in the standings.
 "At the end of the day, we can't control what they're doing," Spurs center Jakob Poeltl said. "We can only control what we're doing. We're going to take every game as it comes. We're going to try to win every game."
 Phoenix, Sacramento and New Orleans remain in the mix for a West play-in series spot. The Suns, who are 4-0 at Disney, play Miami on Saturday.


--DocBreak--
Boult Audio has recently launched four affordable True Wireless earbuds in India. At present, the demand for the earphones has increased as a lot of people are working from home. Audio brands are offering affordable earphones keeping in mind the budget of the consumers. The companys 4 earphones include the FreePods, ProPods, MuseBuds, and the PowerBuds.FreePods Price And FeaturesComing to the price, the FreePods come with a label of Rs. 1,799 and in Red, White and Black color variants. The earbuds are available for purchase on Flipkart. It is the cheapest of the four earbuds and they are IPX7-rated for water-resistance. It comes in stem style design and offers 15 hours of battery life.MuseBuds Price And FeaturesThe MuseBuds are available for purchase on e-commerce site including Flipkart and Amazon India. It retails for Rs. 1,999 and offers 18 hours of music playback with the case. The Boult Audio MuseBuds feature ear clip design which allows the earbuds to keep in the same place while workout. The company has introduced these earphones mainly for fitness enthusiasts.ProPods Price And FeaturesThe Boult Audio ProPods is priced at Rs. 2,499 and you can grab the earphones via Amazon. These earbuds also feature stem style design similar to the FreePods. The earphones feature includes quick Pair feature, touch controls and it also comes with super low-latency mode. They are IPX5 rated for sweat and water- resistant. The ProPods claims to offer 5.5 hours of playback and offered in Black and White color variants.PowerBuds Price And FeatureThe Boult Audio PowerBuds features touch control for call functions, changing music. They are IPX7 rated which helps users to enjoy their workouts without the hassle of sweating. It is the most expensive among the four earphones. The earbuds carry a price tag of Rs. 2,799 and available on Amazon, Flipkart.


--DocBreak--
"You compete every year. Doesn't matter how much a person's paid, doesn't matter how much a person is experienced, doesn't matter how much a person knows or doesn't know. I think we all are competing each and every day," said Newton, the 31-year-old former NFL MVP and longtime Carolina Panthers standout. "I've been competing every single day. It didn't matter what the team was because at the end of the day, you're one game away, as I've learned in this past year. At the end of the day, it's just about, like I said, proving your worth and doing your part."
 Newton, who signed with the Patriots in early July after back-to-back injury- plagued seasons in Carolina, repeatedly emphasized how excited he was to be in New England. He called the opportunity to play for the Patriots "surreal," adding that "I wake up pinching myself every day."
 But Newton also acknowledged that being unsigned so late into the offseason affected him. He started considering unsettling possibilities about his future prospects, but that his friends and family helped keep him focused and on the right path.
 Now, he has the opportunity to use that and all of the other adversity he's faced in recent years as fuel to motivate him going forward.
 "I don't think nobody's expectations will every surpass my expectations for myself," Newton said.
 Newton wasn't the only Patriots quarterback who had a roller coaster of an offseason. In a span of months, Stidham went from Brady's backup to the favorite to start, then on the eve of camp suddenly found himself set to compete against one of his alma mater Auburn's greatest players.


--DocBreak--
Hanno confermato il loro interesse anche il membro del cast George Buza, voce della Bestia, e la co-star Chris Britton, il doppiatore del villain Sinistro. _"Piacerebbe molto a tutti noi. Sarebbe favoloso"_ hanno affermato gli attori durante il panel.


--DocBreak--
Long time good friend of Johnny Depp, Angelina Jolie had actually suggested the star to steer clear of from Brownish-yellow Heard that never ever made an excellent impact on him.


--DocBreak--
The transfer of management took place during Covid-19 pandemic and the company is expected to face piles of challenges with no definite end of the crisis visible, said Madhav Baral, Director of the Nepali counterpart company of the venture. He further said that the port is only handling 35 per cent of its total capacity due to the widespread of coronavirus, and that downward trend on export and import will continue. He also added that the group will work on expansion of the port by attracting the road networked imports and export to the dry port and improving the existing in-country transportation services.


--DocBreak--
The pair are yet to go public with their partnership, yet Individuals reported in June 2020 that they had actually been dating for a couple of weeks prior to TMZ photographed them.


--DocBreak--
The tragic accident in Kerala last evening when a plane attempting to land amid heavy tailwinds and rain on the table-top runway at the Kozhikode airport has once again shone light on the safety concerns over flight operations at such runways in the country. Eighteen people, including two pilots, were killed in the accident.
 The safety concerns were first raised following the 2010 Air India Express crash in Mangalore that killed 160 people on board. A court of enquiry report by a former Indian Air Force chief had warned of the hazards of overshooting the paved surface during take-off.
 The Air India Express flight crash on Friday brings back the memories of the 2010 air crash that too occurred after the plane overshot the runway at the table-top airport in Mangalore.
 The report by Air marshal BN Gokhale had noted tabletop airports require extra skill and caution while carrying out flight operations. The hazard of 'undershooting' and 'overshooting', in particular, can lead to grave situations, as was the case in the Mangalore accident.
 The so-called tabletop airport has limited space at the ends of the runway, and several international airlines had stopped flying bigger aircraft into Kozhikode due to safety issues over the length of the runway.
 "While the length of the runway 24/06 is adequate for operations by aircraft such as Airbus A320 and Boeing 737-800, the downward slope at end of R/W 24 leading into hill slope is not recommended if one is to consider the hazards of overshooting the paved surface during takeoff or landing. There is a concrete structure at the end of R/W 24, which cannot be classified as obstruction as per ICAO Annexure-14, since it is below the approach and take off funnel," the report had said.
 "There are three tabletop airports in India from where scheduled flights operate. These are Mangalore, Kozhikode and Lengpui. Because of the undulating terrain and constraints of space, these airfields require extra skill and caution while carrying out flight operations. The hazard of undershooting and overshooting, in particular, can lead to grave situations, as was the case in this accident. These table-top runways also have a problem of access roads around the airfield, which may need to be used in case of aircraft accidents," it added.
 The narrow and winding roads can delay and hinder the rescue operations, the report had said.
 The Air India Express flight with 190 on board overshot and fell 50 metres off the end of the runway at the Kozhikode airport in treacherous conditions on Friday, breaking into two - making it one of the deadliest commercial aviation disasters in the country in nearly 10 years.
 The crash occurred around 7.40pm, when it was raining. It bears eerie similarity to the 2010 Mangalore airport crash when a plane, also an Air India Express Boeing 737, overshot a table-top runway and crashed nose-first into the ground.
 Aviation regulator Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) said it was raining heavily when pilots of the Boeing 737 plane from Dubai tried to land. The regulator said after landing at Runway 10, the plane continued running till the end of the runway and fell into the valley and broke into two portions. "The visibility was 2,000 meters amid heavy rain, after landing at runway 10 and it overshot the runway and broke down in two pieces," a DGCA official said.
 According to a playback on flight-tracking website FlightRadar24, the plane circled the airport twice before attempting to land. In its second instance, it aborted the attempt with 2,000 feet to go before the crash landing. The civil aviation ministry's accident investigation division Aircraft Accident Investigation Bureau (AAIB) will conduct a detailed investigation into the Air India Express flight crash at Kozhikode airport in Kerala.
 "An Air India Express flight took off around 0200 hours from Delhi to Kozhikode carrying investigating officers from DGCA and AAIB, CEO of Air India express and other officials of AI and AIE," said AAIB.
 "A second aircraft took off from Mumbai to Kozhikode around 0600hrs in the morning carrying Angels of Air India and GO employees who will coordinate and liaise with various agencies and provide support and assist families of those affected in this incident," the national transporter had said in a statement.
 The recovery of Digital Flight Data Recorder (DFDR) and the Cockpit Voice Recorder (CVR) will help piece together what happened during the last moments of the flight. Both have since been recovered, said aviation minister Hardeep Puri this morning.
 According to Robert A Clifford, lead counsel in the case against Boeing for the last major Boeing crash -- the 737 Max 8 crash in Ethiopia on March 10, 2019 -- and senior partner of Clifford Law Offices, Chicago, the investigation into what caused today's Air India crash will likely focus on the plane itself and pilot error.
 "Early indications point to pilot error. The weather being involved probably speaks to pilot flight error, but the aircraft's safety systems could have played a role. Investigators will need to evaluate the flight data recorder, cockpit voice recorder, and other devices, along with expert evaluation, to determine what happened," he said.
 The 2010 report had cautioned of operations at such 'critical airfields'.
 The DGCA has classified certain airfields as critical which need special qualification for the flight crew to undertake operations. The criteria for classifying airfields as critical are based on various factors such as terrain, length of runway, predominance of inclement weather etc.
 "There are 11 such airfields, which include the table-top runways of Mangalore, Kozhikode and Lengpui. In addition, airfields such as Patna, Jammu, Leh, Port Blair, etc also qualify as 'critical airfields'. The operators can add some more airfields as critical, in case additional caution needs to be exercised during operations. As per SOP of Air India Express, three airfields at Mangalore, Kozhikode and Pune qualify as 'critical airfields'. These airfields are, therefore, cleared for operations by experienced flight crew and take off and landings have to be carried out by the pilot in command (PIC) only," said the report.
 Following the Mangalore crash, the court of Inquiry recommended setting up of an independent Indian Civil Aviation Safety Board (ICASB) urgently in view of rapid growth of aviation in the country. Such independent safety organisations have been set up in the USA, UK, Canada, France and Indonesia to name a few.
 The ICASB will focus on all flight safety related issues to suggest proactive measures, to minimise accidents and incidents, it had said.
 Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council (CASAC) had also warned the authorities 10 years back that Kozhikode runway was very risky for landing during rains and harsh weather conditions.
 In a letter addressed to the chairman of Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council (CASAC) and civil aviation secretary, CASAC member Captain Mohan Ranganathan had pointed that the Runway 10 of the Kozhikode airport could be risky for landing in tailwind conditions in rain.
 "I understand that Runway 10 ILS is being used on a trial basis at Calicut. Some of the crew are accepting even VOR approach on Runway 10. The reason is the lower minima than Runway 28. However, all the flights that land on Runway 10 in tailwind conditions in rain, are endangering the lives of all on board," he had said.
 He also said that the airport does not have the minimum Runway End Safety Area (RESA)
 "The runway strip is just half the minimum width laid down in ICAO Annex 14. This fact was known to the DGCA team that has been conducting inspections and safety assessments during the past several years. Have they considered the danger involved? Has the DGCA or the airlines laid down any operational restrictions or special procedures?" he had written.
 He also added that the Air India Express accident in Mangalore should have alerted the Airport Authority to make the runway conditions safe. "It is a dangerous situation, especially in wet conditions. Runway 10 approaches should not be permitted in view of the lack of RESA and the terrain beyond the end of the runway. RATIO of 240m should be immediately introduced and the runway length has to be reduced to make the operations safe," he had said.
 The Boeing 737 jet, on a Vande Bharat mission as flight AIX 1344 from Dubai, was bringing in Indians who were stranded abroad due to the Covid-19 pandemic. In all there were 174 adult passengers on board, 10 infants, two pilots, and four crew members.


--DocBreak--
These types of on the house attn: mmorpgs let people to go in without cost, though will in reality offer an essential cash succeeding prize and might range between nearly anything as small as ?1, every one of the severe technique approximately ?1,000′s with extraordinary promo games. Centre involved with Transgress community features precise Sine city limits situation brands - just love the actual styles you find out and also prefer from the trips to your live life leisure income in the globe. There are few facts that can be prevalent at the same time and even these are definitely standards inside several game as well as wagering requirement. It has the change connected with buying someone on the some activities which can workout on view consistently to two, two, or else a number of members.


--DocBreak--
Chicago Public Schools, which make up the country’s third-largest school district, reversed course this week, saying students would stick with remote learning when the school year begins.


--DocBreak--
Rickie Fowler’s putt was the length of a pencil. Cameron Tringale could’ve used an eraser.
 Fowler’s silly mistake — a miss from 6 inches on the sixth green — cost him a weekend starting time at the PGA Championship. Tringale’s error — signing an incorrect scorecard — saved him a couple hours of waiting around before he headed home, as well.
 They were among the 75 players to miss the cut at Harding Park, meaning an early departure from San Francisco.
 Fowler, frustrated that an on-line par putt got knocked off track by something on the green, pointed at the spot where the putt veered off. He then casually walked up to the ball, which wasn’t more than 6 inches from the cup, and took a stab at it. It barely moved.
 “I hit the ball,” he said. “Just not hard enough.” A moment later, he knocked it in for a double-bogey 6.
 It was the most painful part of a 1-under 69 that left him at 2 over, which was one shot away from the cut.
 Meanwhile, Tringale had signed for a 68 and was eating lunch when he checked his phone to see how his score of 1 over was holding up with the afternoon groups teeing off. He noticed he’d put down a 3 on the par-3 eighth when he had really made a 4. He was really 2 over, which wouldn’t have been good to make the cut anyway. Still, signing for a lower score than you made gets you booted from a tournament, and so, Tringale didn’t have to bother waiting around to see if he was in for today.
 “I went back to the scoring area and told them what I noticed,” Tringale told Golf World.
 It marked the second time he’s been DQ’d from the PGA; it happened under similar circumstances at Valhalla in 2014, but that time, he reported himself the following week, after realizing he’d signed for the wrong score in the final round.


--DocBreak--
[Kozhikode’s table-top runway risky for landing, officials warned 10 years ago,The safety concerns were first raised following the 2010 Air India Express crash in Mangalore that killed 160 people on board.]


--DocBreak--
A little over a year later, on Friday evening, an Air India Express flight from Dubai with 190 people on board overshot "runway 10" at the Calicut airport in heavy rain and went down 35 feet into a gorge before breaking into two pieces, killing at least 18 people.


--DocBreak--
Is the 38-year-old already bored of talking about the five Monuments? Especially if he doesn't manage it this year, he's still contracted with Lotto-Soudal until the end of 2022, so he could find himself repeating this conversation in a lobby just down the road from Malpensa airport for two more years.


--DocBreak--
Solar village
 As air conditioners work overtime to deal with the heat, Cape Cod Village in Orleans is thankful that their next electric bill will be lower. That's because a solar panel installation is up and running at the residential community for adults with autism.
 Andrew Wade, president and CEO of My Generation Energy, which installed the system, visited the property to throw the switch that will generate enough solar power to reduce the non-profit organization's electric bills by about 33 percent. "We are really excited about this project and were glad to help them re-direct funds to programs instead of high electric bills," said Wade.
 Bob Jones, co-founder and president of the Board of Cape Cod Village, said he was delighted with the project.
 "Not only are we going to save significantly on electricity, but we're also doing our part to protect the environment with renewable energy," he said.
 The community opened in January after raising $7 million in private and public grants and donations.
 Water bill error
 The Water Department's quarterly water bills that went out at the end of last week included a one day interest charge in error. Though the Water Department billing database is correct, the interest was added to the printed bills and if paying on-line, the amount due is correct, but the invoice amount is not.
 To remedy the situation, anyone who pays the added interest will receive a credit if the bill is paid by the due date of Sept. 1. For anyone with a past due balance, the interest amount also reflects the one day error and will be credited if payment is receive by Sept. 1.
 Any questions should be directed to the Orleans Water Department at 508-255-1200.
 Pain relief
 On Monday Aug. 10, the Senior Center will present the program Meditation for Pain Relief at 1 p.m. utilizing ZOOM. Mercedez Calleros, massage therapist and health coach, will host the program. Registration is required; call 508-255-6333 to sign up.
 Meetings
 Tuesday, Aug. 11
 Snow Library Board of Trustees, 2 p.m.
 Wednesday, Aug. 12
 Select board, 4 p.m.
 Thursday, Aug. 13
 Finance committee, 7 p.m.


--DocBreak--
If you listen to talk radio, read the message boards and scroll through Twitter, you'd guess the New England Patriots quarterback competition has already been decided. Cam Newton will start, Jarrett Stidham will have to wait his turn, and Brian Hoyer won't be a real factor.
 It very well could turn out that way, but within the team facility nothing is given and the opportunity to succeed Tom Brady as New England's starting quarterback still has to be earned.
 Newton, Stidham and Hoyer all addressed the media for the first time this season on Friday, and throughout their respective press conferences the quarterbacks expressed excitement for the opportunity to compete, as well as confidence that they'll be able to emerge on top. Each also challenged the prevailing narratives that have followed them throughout the offseason, with Newton in particular brushing aside the notion that he has the starting job in the bag.


--DocBreak--
The safety concerns were first raised following the 2010 Air India Express crash in Mangalore that killed 160 people on board.


--DocBreak--
As they do so, it is important for them to acknowledge that when the government puts someone behind bars and deprives them of the capacity to provide for their own care and protection it has, what law professor Sharon Dolovichcalls “an affirmative obligation,” a duty to act to protect them from harm.


--DocBreak--
“We try and go somewhere every day of the week,” Joshua said. “If there’s something and we’re gone away from home, we feel like we have to be entered somewhere every day. Doesn’t matter if it’s Sunday or Monday.”
 Originally from Ocala, Florida, the Torres moved to Stephenville, Texas, and they mainly operate out of there. That’s where you’ll find them during the off-season, and every once in a while, you can find them back in Florida visiting their parents.
 They’ll mainly be on the road, though, traveling with their horses packed onto a trailer attached to the back of the truck. It takes just under 12 hours to get from Stephenville to North Platte, which is quite a distance for hauling horses around especially with all the stops they make along the way.


--DocBreak--
"Meanwhile, with a significant part of Asia having experienced similar epidemics, it is not surprising that Asian travellers would be more resilient and optimistic about seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. Despite countries like India and Indonesia recently seeing a higher number of cases, their reputations as tourism powerhouses means it will be hard for them to neglect the travel industry in the long term.


--DocBreak--
The leading companies of the 21st century have a few things in common: 1) Data is a currency and a discipline; 2) Everything starts with the customer and their experience with the brand; and 3) Transactions are second to a mutual and ongoing value exchange between customer and brand.
 Brands like Disney, Nike and Apple own the relationship with their customers (and often effectively disintermediate the relationships their competitors try to have with the same consumers) and therefore are the ones that win. Owning the relationship means having the ability to not only recognize the customer at every point in her journey, but also orchestrate individualized/bespoke experiences that benefit both the customer and the business in every stage of the customer lifecycle. It is this mutually beneficial experience that fosters loyalty and lasting value among customers.
 To level the playing field with these transformative giants, CMOs are shelling out between 20% and 30% of their budgets on new marketing technology to help drive their own digital transformation, customer obsession and/or single customer view. (The industry’s dirty little secret is often,  leadership doesn’t know which of these objectives to focus on, or why).
 But marketing technology as a category swarms with as many logos as it does with promises of delivery on those ambitions. Look no further than the annual edition of ChiefMarTec’s Marketing Technology Landscape Supergraphic to see just how many martech companies exist today — and the practically endless combinations that can be created with those solutions.


--DocBreak--
This Thorn in the Flesh


--DocBreak--
Two police personnel, including an assistant sub-inspector (ASI), was suspended in Madhya Pradesh's (MP) Barwani district, located about 313 kilometres (km) south-west of the state capital Bhopal, by the superintendent of police (SP) on Friday evening after a video clip went viral on social media. The 50-second clip showed a policeman is dragging a Sikh by his hair in public amid pushing and jostling, while his companion, belonging to the same faith, is pleading with the law enforcers not to beat him, with folded hands. The incident, which reportedly occurred at Palsud, a town in Barwani district and located about 35 km from the district headquarters, on Thursday, sparked a nationwide outrage among the members of the Sikh community and its backlash echoed on social media. The MP unit of the Congress, which is the main opposition in the state, demanded stern action against the two police personnel responsible for the incident that reportedly occurred during a routine check on vehicles. The Sikh, identified as Prem Singh, is a resident of Palsud and a granthi at the local Gurdwara, even though the police claimed otherwise. The district police authorities, however, denied the charges of excesses. They claimed that Singh is facing three criminal charges and his turban fell off during an argument with the policemen, who had stopped him to check his vehicle. Barwani district police administration put out a press release to calm down the frayed nerves and the social media outrage over the purported manhandling of a member of the minority Sikh community. "Superintendent of Police (SP) Nimish Agrawal has suspended ASI Seetaram Bhatnagar and head constable Mohan Jamre for not initiating action, as per the laid-down procedure. A probe into the incident has been assigned to the sub- divisional officer of police (SDoP), Rajpur," the release stated. "During a check on vehicles on Thursday evening, two Sikligars (members of Sikh community), who were travelling on a motorbike were stopped. One of them is Prem Singh, a resident of ward no. 15 of Palsud. Police record showed Prem Singh is facing theft charges under three police stations in Jabalpur district. He got into an altercation, when he was asked to show his two- wheeler's papers. The on-duty police personnel suspected him of driving the vehicle under the influence of alcohol and wanted him to accompany them to a police station for a medical examination. The police personnel has been suspended and a probe has been initiated since they didn't follow the laid- down procedure while conducting the check on the vehicle," it added. Later, Singh alleged that the police personnel had demanded Rs 250 from him after he had failed to furnish his two-wheeler's papers. He further alleged that they started thrashing him, when he pleaded his inability to pay up Rs 250 because he had earned only Rs 200 on that day. MP Congress president Kamal Nath has spoken in favour of Singh. "Prem Singh, who is a granthi, was beaten by the police personnel in an inhuman manner. Such atrocities are an insult to the Sikh religion and can't be tolerated. The state government must take strict action against the guilty," he said, Union minister for food processing, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, a Sikh herself, tweeted, "Beastly attack on Giani Prem Singh granthi and other Sikhs in MP is an outrage against humanity. Utterly reprehensible & unacceptable. Sikhs all over the world are deeply shocked. I urge CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan to take immediate and exemplary action against all those guilty of this brutality." Several other Sikh leaders, including Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) President Sukhbir Singh Badal, president of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) and national spokesperson of SAD, Manjinder Singh Sirsa, condemned the incident and demanded immediate action against the guilty police personnel. MP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who is under home quarantine after his recovery from coronavirus disease (Covid-19), also tweeted, "In Barwani district, ASI Seetaram Bhatnagar and head constable Mohan Jamre have been suspended immediately for inhuman treatment to our Sikh brothers. Such brutality with Sikhs will not be tolerated in any way. The matter will be probed by the DIG (deputy inspector-general), Indore, and strict action will be taken in this regard."


--DocBreak--
RGV FC TOROS VS FC TULSA TO BE PLAYED BEHIND CLOSED DOORS


--DocBreak--
"The announcement in February of me becoming the new artistic director happened, so we had all these plans of launching that season — and March happened and we all got sent home and shut down," Rogers told WTOP. "It was about the end of March, maybe mid-April that we immediately knew this is probably not going to come back so quickly."


--DocBreak--
Two police personnel, including an assistant sub-inspector (ASI), was suspended in Madhya Pradesh's (MP) Barwani district, located about 313 kilometres (km) south-west of the state capital Bhopal, by the superintendent of police (SP) on Friday evening after a video clip went viral on social media.
 The 50-second clip showed a policeman is dragging a Sikh by his hair in public amid pushing and jostling, while his companion, belonging to the same faith, is pleading with the law enforcers not to beat him, with folded hands.
 The incident, which reportedly occurred at Palsud, a town in Barwani district and located about 35 km from the district headquarters, on Thursday, sparked a nationwide outrage among the members of the Sikh community and its backlash echoed on social media.
 The MP unit of the Congress, which is the main opposition in the state, demanded stern action against the two police personnel responsible for the incident that reportedly occurred during a routine check on vehicles.
 The Sikh, identified as Prem Singh, is a resident of Palsud and a granthi at the local Gurdwara, even though the police claimed otherwise.
 The district police authorities, however, denied the charges of excesses.
 They claimed that Singh is facing three criminal charges and his turban fell off during an argument with the policemen, who had stopped him to check his vehicle.
 Barwani district police administration put out a press release to calm down the frayed nerves and the social media outrage over the purported manhandling of a member of the minority Sikh community.
 "Superintendent of Police (SP) Nimish Agrawal has suspended ASI Seetaram Bhatnagar and head constable Mohan Jamre for not initiating action, as per the laid-down procedure. A probe into the incident has been assigned to the sub- divisional officer of police (SDoP), Rajpur," the release stated.
 "During a check on vehicles on Thursday evening, two Sikligars (members of Sikh community), who were travelling on a motorbike were stopped. One of them is Prem Singh, a resident of ward no. 15 of Palsud. Police record showed Prem Singh is facing theft charges under three police stations in Jabalpur district. He got into an altercation, when he was asked to show his two- wheeler's papers. The on-duty police personnel suspected him of driving the vehicle under the influence of alcohol and wanted him to accompany them to a police station for a medical examination. The police personnel has been suspended and a probe has been initiated since they didn't follow the laid- down procedure while conducting the check on the vehicle," it added.
 Later, Singh alleged that the police personnel had demanded Rs 250 from him after he had failed to furnish his two-wheeler's papers. He further alleged that they started thrashing him, when he pleaded his inability to pay up Rs 250 because he had earned only Rs 200 on that day.
 MP Congress president Kamal Nath has spoken in favour of Singh.
 "Prem Singh, who is a granthi, was beaten by the police personnel in an inhuman manner. Such atrocities are an insult to the Sikh religion and can't be tolerated. The state government must take strict action against the guilty," he said,
 Union minister for food processing, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, a Sikh herself, tweeted, "Beastly attack on Giani Prem Singh granthi and other Sikhs in MP is an outrage against humanity. Utterly reprehensible & unacceptable. Sikhs all over the world are deeply shocked. I urge CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan to take immediate and exemplary action against all those guilty of this brutality."
 Several other Sikh leaders, including Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) President Sukhbir Singh Badal, president of Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) and national spokesperson of SAD, Manjinder Singh Sirsa, condemned the incident and demanded immediate action against the guilty police personnel.
 MP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who is under home quarantine after his recovery from coronavirus disease (Covid-19), also tweeted, "In Barwani district, ASI Seetaram Bhatnagar and head constable Mohan Jamre have been suspended immediately for inhuman treatment to our Sikh brothers. Such brutality with Sikhs will not be tolerated in any way. The matter will be probed by the DIG (deputy inspector-general), Indore, and strict action will be taken in this regard."


--DocBreak--
“I pray that the good Lord grants you the health, presence of mind, focus and courage to enthrone a new paradigm that will expand the frontiers of Enugu State opportunities in the Federal Civil and Public Services,” governor said.


--DocBreak--
We saw in the brief period of time that he had to work with Ladarius Green several years ago, for example, that he chose to target the tight end at a high rate. Vance McDonald hasn’t had the same consistency in targets—health being a factor there—but Ebron could fit the bill.


--DocBreak--
Concerns were raised about a stockpile of explosive chemicals being kept without safeguard at least 10 times before the deadly explosion in Beirut, newly surfaced documents show. The Lebanese capital was the scene of widespread devastation on Tuesday when 2,750 tons of ammonium nitrate blew up, killing dozens and injuring thousands more.President Michel Aoun, in office since 2016, said he was first told of the dangerous stockpile nearly three weeks ago and immediately ordered military and security agencies to do &ldquo;what was needed&rdquo;.But he suggested his responsibility ended there, saying he had no authority over the port and that previous governments had been told of the presence of the cargo.&ldquo;Do you know how many problems have been accumulating?&rdquo; Mr Aoun replied when a reporter pressed whether he should have followed up on his order.The ammonium nitrate, a chemical used in fertilisers and explosives, originated from a cargo ship called MV Rhosus that had been travelling from Georgia to Mozambique in 2013.It made an unscheduled detour to Beirut as the Russian ship owner was struggling with debts and hoped to earn some extra cash in Lebanon.Unable to pay port fees and reportedly leaking, the ship was impounded. The first known document about it came on February 21 2014, three months after the ship&rsquo;s arrival.Colonel Joseph Skaff, a senior customs official, wrote to the customs authority&rsquo;s anti-smuggling department warning the material still on board the ship docked at port was &ldquo;extremely dangerous and endangers public safety&rdquo;.Further concerns were raised in June 2014 and Badri Daher, the head of the customs department, said he and his predecessor sent six letters to a judge warning about the danger.Investigators probing the blast have focused on personnel at the Port of Beirut, Lebanon&rsquo;s main port and at least 16 port employees have been detained and others questioned.The explosion of the ammonium nitrate, after apparently being set off by a fire, was the biggest in Lebanon&rsquo;s history.The known death toll reached 154, including bodies recovered from the rubble on Friday, and more than 5,000 people were wounded.Mr Aoun&rsquo;s comments on Friday were the most senior confirmation that top politicians had been aware of the stockpile.&ldquo;The material had been there for seven years, since 2013. It has been there, and they said it is dangerous and I am not responsible. I don&rsquo;t know where it was placed. I don&rsquo;t even know the level of danger. I have no authority to deal directly with the port,&rdquo; he told a news conference.


--DocBreak--
I am a native Tylerite and I grew up reading the Tyler Morning Telegraph and The Tyler Courier-Times. My parents took both the morning and afternoon papers. I came to work here 35 years ago at the age of 23, right after college.


--DocBreak--
Federico Sanapo nasce a Campi Salentina, nel leccese, il 18 febbraio 1988. E' autore di diversi saggi storici inerenti i Cavalieri Templari. Appassionato di storia medievale, ha vinto numerosi premi per i suoi contributi, quali il "Premio Nazionale Ricerca nel Mistero" assegnatogli a Roma nel 2013, e il "Premio Tuchulca", ricevuto a Tarquinia (Viterbo) a maggio del 2018.


--DocBreak--
Un tânăr din Irlanda a postat pe rețelele de socializare o imagine surprinsă la doar câteva secunde înainte ca un adolescent să se prăbușească în gol din vârful unei cascade și să moară, la doar câțiva metri în spaele său, relatează Dublin Live. Lewis Fleming, a murit joi, după ce a căzut de pe o stâncă, la cascada Powerscourt, din Wicklow, Irlanda. El a alunecat și s-a prăbușit când a încercat să escaladeze peretele muntos al cascadei de 121 de metri înălțime, alături de un prieten. Martor la scena tragică a fost S.J., care în acel moment se afla pe o piatră de lângă cascadă, ateptând ca iubita sa să îl fotografieze. Acesta nu și-a dat seama imediat ce s-a întâmplat, crezând că s-a prăbușit o bucată de stâncă în apă. „Mai întâi am crezut că este o stâncă mare, deoarece a lovit destul de tare apa, dar apoi m-am uitat mai bine și am văzut un corp. Nu i-am văzut fața, pentru că plutea cu pieptul în jos. Prietena mea era în apropiere după ce a făcut fotografia și a început să se panicheze, așa că am ajutat-o să coboare și să se îndepărteze de la locul faptei”, a rememorat tânărul de origine croată, care locuiește în Dublin de trei ani.. În doar câteva minute, la fața locului au ajuns ambulanțe, echipaje de poliție, pompieri și un echipaj de salvamontiști, însă nu au reușit să îl mai salveze pe băiatul de 15 ani. „A căzut poate la cinci secunde după ce prietena mea mi-a făcut acea poză cu mine pe stâncă. S-a întâmplat la doar câțiva metri în dreapta mea, unde a fost făcută poza respectivă. Nu credeam că cineva va urca atât de sus, pentru că este destul de alunecos pe stâncile acelea. Este ceva ce nu voi uita niciodată”, a adăugat S.J.


--DocBreak--
DGCA ने जारी किया था नोटिस - The dgca issued a notice in regarding cracks and waterlogging on the runway of kozhikode airport - Latest News & Updates in Hindi at India.com Hindi


--DocBreak--
functions for moving video ads to left and right


--DocBreak--
“It was the right school for my sister. She did very well and is doing very well. She’s very successful and has a successful family. To watch her grow up and be successful, and trying to do my part for the kids that were there and are there, hopefully they have the same opportunities and chances down the road.”


--DocBreak--
Besides this the device comes with Google Fit™ support that offers multiple exercise modes, heart rate monitoring, sleep management that keeps a tab on your health and fitness. Its heart rate monitoring function will keep an eye on your heartbeat – whether during exercise or at rest – giving you a very accurate representation of your heart health. If you constantly wake up feeling groggy or sleepy, OPPO ensures that the Watch helps you monitor your sleeping pattern, and gives you a detailed insight into what is missing. And for the lazy bums out there, the OPPO Watch serves a healthy dose of get-up reminders to keep you on your toes. Also, consumers can keep a track of their daily activities like step count, calories burned, workout time and etc. Even if user is stuck in some work, they can have a short workout session with the pre-installed 5 Minutes Workouts app that provides audio visual guidance for quick fitness programmes.


--DocBreak--
Middlesex started their English County Championship Trophy campaign on a positive note, registering a comfortable victory over Surrey. Middlesex won the game by a whopping 190-run margin, on the back of Nick Gubbins' scintillating hundred and Tim Murtagh's eight-wicket haul in the match. Hampshire, on the hand, succumbed to a 94-run defeat in their opening game against Sussex. In a low-scoring game, none of the batsmen made a telling contribution as Hampshire slipped to defeat.


--DocBreak--
Regarding "Make America care again," (A24, Aug. 2): This was spot on. It appears that any appeal to Americans' "better angels" to have more civic responsibility towards their fellow Americans may fall on deaf ears. When World War II was declared, the thousands who unselfishly answered the call of duty suspended their daily lives for three to four years and took up arms to risk their lives overseas for their country were hailed as the "greatest generation." Those of the current generation, who have lived at a time of great peace and unparalleled prosperity, who were asked to stay at home for several weeks and now wear a simple mask out of civic duty to fellow citizens during a pandemic, too often consider the request by their government to be a gross insult and an outrageous threat to their personal liberty. They should probably be called the "ingratest generation." Surely, those who claim to be patriots, wrapping themselves in the American flag, cannot claim to enjoy their civic rights, but ignore their civic duties.


--DocBreak--
The safety concerns were first raised following the 2010 Air India Express crash in Mangalore that killed 160 people on board. ,


--DocBreak--
Ohio University’s classified staff successfully unionized this past Wednesday in the wake of recent university layoffs of about 200 classified employees and following several failed attempts in recent decades to formally organize.
 More than 450 full-time and part-time clerical and technical employees across all OU campuses are now included in a bargaining unit represented by the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME) Council 8, AFL-CIO.
 The union's formation provides them with the right to collectively negotiate their wages, educational benefits and health insurance, and other labor concerns with the university administration.
 The organizers, however, haven't finalized exactly what they intend to bargain for with the university, organizer Jacob Jakuszeit said.
 “I would say those basic things that anyone is looking for in a job are what we would want stipulated in our contract,” he said.
 Though, Jakuszeit, who’s played a central role in the staff’s unionization efforts, said the union plans to push back against the university’s recent changes to policies that govern classified jobs and the June layoffs of dozens of classified clerical and technical positions, despite the university's obligation to maintain status quo through the election period.
 "I think the sheer behavior of the university from Nellis on down, I think people were just infuriated. They felt stepped on, used, not respected -- like their work wasn't valued. I think this is a direct result of that," said Steve Roth, state director for organizing with AFSCME Council 8.
 Roth, however, declined to say whether the union plans to take legal action against the university for the layoffs.
 "I guess we'll just have to wait and see," he said.
 Included in the classified bargaining unit are positions in administrative services, information technology, library support and records management, among others.
 The new yet-to-be-named union is a separate chapter of AFSCME Council 8 than the Local 1699, which has long represented hundreds of skilled-trade classified workers at OU such as custodial and culinary employees. The university laid off 140 Local 1699 members in May, prompting several protests.
 Classified staffers participated in a mail-in secret-ballot election over a two-week period in late July after a pandemic-induced delay. The ballots were counted on Aug. 5 by The State Employment Relations Board (SERB), a state agency that oversees unions and mediates labor disputes between organizers and employers.
 Of the approximately 460 eligible classified voters, 256 ballots were cast in favor of representation by AFSCME Council 8, while 55 were cast against the unionization effort, according to a tally of ballots provided to The Athens NEWS. A few ballots were either void or challenged, but not enough to alter the election’s outcome which required a majority for success.
 The election is likely to be certified by SERB during its September meeting if neither the bargaining unit nor the university successfully challenge the state’s handling of the election, Jakuszeit said. Both parties have 10 days following the ballot count to file an objection.
 Once certified, the union will begin to negotiate a labor contract with university administrators. Public sector union contracts tend to expire after three years when both parties typically return to the bargaining table to renegotiate.
 “Ohio University values all of our employees and their tremendous contributions to making us a successful institution,” University Spokesperson Jim Sabin said in a statement. “We have a long history of positive, productive relationships between management and our organized labor groups, and look forward to a similar relationship with the classified employees union.”
 OU’s classified staff have long been considered for potential unionization efforts going back to at least the 1980s, according to The NEWS’ archives. The most recent effort in 1998 failed by 50 ballots, The NEWS reported at the time.
 The staff began beating the drum to unionize again in September 2019, when Roth said that nearly 80 percent of the classified staff expressed interest in unionizing as it became clearer that job security at the university was more feeble than ever given its budgetary woes.
 And while the classified staff is formally represented by OU’s Classified Senate, many staffers, including Jakuszeit, felt the body couldn’t adequately address their concerns because it lacks the power to enact material change. Classified Senate has remained neutral on the staff’s unionization efforts, said Jakuszeit, who is the former Classified Senate chair.
 In December 2019, the classified staff penned a letter to OU President Duane Nellis requesting that the university voluntarily recognize them as a union after Roth said that an “overwhelming majority” of staffers signed cards in support of unionizing.
 That request was never granted because it reportedly did not meet the minimum requirements under the Ohio Revised Code, a university spokesperson said at the time.
 Michael Courtney, associate general counsel with OU, requested at the time that the classified staff’s organizing committee present a formal filing to SERB with supporting documents backing up the claims of majority support for the unionization effort.
 Organizers proceeded earlier this year to file with SERB for a formal unionization election.
 “We [now] have a hand in our destiny, so to speak,” Jakuszeit said of the staff’s successful unionization effort.


--DocBreak--
It's the middle of summer and bulldozers are flattening two dozen private dachas in the picturesque district of Bustonliq, in northeastern Uzbekistan, to make way for a state project to turn the area into a tourist hub.


--DocBreak--
"Just wanna say that I have both worked behind the scenes of TV shows and been the celebrity guest on them and the two experiences are very different," Bloom wrote. "Having a good time being a guest does not necessarily have anything to do with the experiences of the employees."


--DocBreak--
In light of recent events, the State Government has been bitterly unhappy with the Supreme Court's orders and the Centre's decision to take over the high- profile case. Expressing his opinion on the same, Deshmukh said that the CBI has not taken over the case yet as the final order will be pronounced on August 11, the date of the next hearing of Rhea Chakraborty's writ petition seeking transfer of the case from Patna to Mumbai.


--DocBreak--
end functions for video ads moving left and right


--DocBreak--
Airport Kia makes car buying easy. We offer all our vehicles with very competitive pricing in order to make your purchase with no haggle. Also, we offer top dollar for your trade(s), so call us today to book your appointment for your vehicle to be appraised. ____________________________________________________________________________
   


--DocBreak--
The initial phase of the tournament will be conducted behind closed doors. These guidelines may be amended from time to time depending on the existing COVID-19 situation in the UAE.


--DocBreak--
“He’s definitely one of those guys who wears his emotions on his sleeves, so him bouncing all over the place, obviously robbing that homer there at the end was awesome,” said Mitch Moreland. “He was fired up. We were all fired up. That was a great play.”


--DocBreak--
"HAOTONG IS THE MOST HANDSOME MAN IN CHINA," reads the stamp - in red capital letters, no less - on the back of Li's 60-degree wedge.


--DocBreak--
Simptomul prin care Dan Petrescu și-a dat seama că are coronavirus: „S-a întâmplat în primele două zile”


--DocBreak--
Multitalented and responsible, you tell it like it is. You can do this through playing different roles in your life, which brings you many successes this year. Relax and unwind more to stay healthy. If single, you have a versatile dating life and attach to no one in particular. An old love resurfaces. If attached, you are faithful, and you and your partner are deeply in love. TAURUS keeps you realistic.


--DocBreak--
"So he should be able to hit the ground running because he won’t need loads of time to adapt like a player coming in for big money from a foreign club.


--DocBreak--
In the film, we hear how unjust life was for African-Americans in the 1960s, with activist Harry Edwards explaining the origins of the Olympic Project for Human Rights (OPHR), an organization that debated various ways to protest racism at the Games.
 A tale many might not know is how members of the all-white Harvard University rowing team, which represented the U.S. at the 1968 Olympics, lent its support to the OPHR, and the ridicule they received from Douglas Roby, the President of the U.S. Olympic Committee.
 "They were a group of young, white scholar athletes who looked at a situation in this country and said, 'We need to be part of that, we need to join in that struggle,'" Edwards said in the film.
 When the film's narrative arrives in Mexico City, it builds to a natural climax for the men's 200-meter final, but of course that finish line--Smith in first, Carlos in third--is only the beginning.
 "We had roughly 25 minutes before [the medal ceremony] to figure out exactly what we [were] going to do and how we were going to do it," Carlos said in the film. "We felt very strongly something needed to be said."
 Smith goes on to explain why many misconstrued the nature of their protest: "I wanted to make sure whatever we did was respectful enough, and not militant at all, to finish what we started, non-violently."
 Carlos relives his conversation with Peter Norman, the Australian silver medalist in the event, who borrowed an OPHR pin to lend his support to their cause.


--DocBreak--
Colonel Joseph Skaff, a senior customs official, wrote to the customs authority’s anti-smuggling department warning the material still on board the ship docked at port was “extremely dangerous and endangers public safety”.


--DocBreak--
La nota del CdM ha, poi, aggiunto che «per i datori di lavoro che non hanno integralmente fruito della Cassa integrazione o dell'esonero dai contributi previdenziali resta precluso l'avvio delle procedure di licenziamento individuali e restano sospese quelle avviate dopo il 23 febbraio 2020. Inoltre, si conferma la sospensione delle procedure di licenziamento collettivo. Queste disposizioni non si applicano in caso di licenziamenti motivati dalla cessazione definitiva dell'attività dell'impresa. È possibile rinnovare o prorogare, per un periodo massimo di 12 mesi (fermo restando il limite complessivo di 24 mesi) e per una sola volta, i contratti di lavoro subordinato a tempo determinato anche in assenza di causale. Sono previsti ulteriori 400 euro per il reddito di emergenza per le famiglie più bisognose. Vengono prorogate per ulteriori due mesi la Nuova assicurazione sociale per l'impiego (Naspi) e l'indennità di disoccupazione mensile 'Dis-Coll' per i collaboratori coordinati e continuativi il cui periodo di fruizione termini nel periodo compreso tra il 1° maggio 2020 e il 30 giugno 2020».


--DocBreak--
“With Christian Pulisic I think it’s going to be touch and go for the start of the season,” Chelsea manager Frank Lampard said on Friday. “We’re probably looking around a six-week injury. So with six weeks, doing the maths, it gets very close to, and is probably into, the start of the new season. But we have to treat it right, the injury.”


--DocBreak--
Ballack non è mai riuscito a togliersi l'etichetta di eterno secondo.

