"The distilling is the heart and soul of the operation," he said. "We do five spirits all the time: whiskey, vodka, rum, apple brandy and gin. The cocktails are all completely hand-crafted. We try to stay as local as we can with fresh ingredients. There's really nothing in the Kalamazoo and Battle Creek area that's like what we're doing."


--DocBreak--
The current government “really has been a lame duck,” she said, unable to undertake any reform or show independence in a highly divisive political atmosphere. “Even the ministers are deserting the sinking ship.”


--DocBreak--
The upcoming season is set to see a lot of changes, given the havoc the Coronavirus pandemic has wreaked across the globe including India. The ISL is set to take place at a centralised venue and will most likely be played behind closed doors. While it will be challenging, Jerry feels that, as professionals, they need to cope with it.


--DocBreak--
"Yes, the arrival of Owen Coyle last season led to a return in belief for me and a lot of other players in the squad that were out of form. Even when the chips are down, we have had to keep working hard and not give in. Coach Owen and assistant coach Sandy Stewart came in and helped us focus on the minor things on the training pitch, and also provided a keen focus on game management.


--DocBreak--
French President Emmanuel Macron, whose country once governed Lebanon as a protectorate, said, “We have to do everything we can so that violence and chaos do not win the day."


--DocBreak--
We were in a boat, and it was one of those trips where the best time to fish was at night, so I said, why not?
   
 The right spot was located, so the boat operator told me to toss out the anchor, a simple procedure most humans can successfully accomplish without much challenge. So I threw it out. And as the anchor sank to the bottom, so did the line.
   
 Apparently, in order for the anchor to work properly, the other end of the rope must be tied to the boat.
   
 Sometime after that, I parked my car in the driveway at the entrance of the garage. I walked inside the house and, instinctively, pushed the button to close the garage door. The metal-on-metal grinding not only caught me by surprise but also told me exactly what I had done.
   
 By the time I was able to stop the garage door, it crumpled like an accordion on the hood of the car, which was parked too close to the entrance. I thought there was some sort of a sensor to automatically stop the garage door from being lowered if something was in the way. But I could have simply backed up the car a little bit more just to be safe.
   
 Fast forward to Tuesday, voting day. The process is quite simple: You visit your precinct, check in with the nice volunteers, then vote. And by vote, I mean you use a black marker to fill in the circle next to the candidate of your choice. Not too tough.
   
 I was done faster than a middle schooler taking a history exam on the last day of school. After all, how hard can it be?
   
 So I placed the ballot into the machine and the reject buttons started flashing. I half expected a sea of confetti to fall and a neon "numbskull" sign to drop from the ceiling with a large arrow pointed right at me so the election officials knew someone wasn't bright enough to properly fill out a ballot.
   
 In life, we all make mistakes. Some people make bad ones, like choosing a husband whose ambition is to win the chicken wing eating contest, or betting your entire week's paycheck on a horse called "January's molasses."
   
 I am guilty of making plenty of mistakes during my 58 years on this planet. But I'd like to think I learned from those mistakes.
   
 When I was a child, I learned never to sass my mom again after she dropped my pants and spanked my bare behind -- while we stood on the sidewalk.
   
 When in high school, I learned that in order to break up with a girl, you should probably tell her instead of simply ignoring her with the hopes that she somehow gets the message. And I learned in college that Beer Bong 101 wasn't really a class.
   
 I guess so far the majority of my mistakes have been more embarrassing than life-altering. So I'll make sure the anchor rope is tied and there's no objects in the garage doorway.
   
 And in November, I'll be sure to read the instructions on the ballot before voting. Or maybe I should take a class.
   
 Ray Kisonas is the regional editor of The Monroe News and The Daily Telegram. He can be reached at rayk@monroenews.com.


--DocBreak--
It works with 4G SIM cards, Wi-Fi and has Bluetooth connectivity to ensure payments never fail and stays round the clock connected with all of Paytm's bouquet of services.

