"The best education is face to face in a classroom,” Department of Defense Education Activity Director Thomas Brady said Thursday.


--DocBreak--
Congresswoman Karen Bass of California -- who was also in the running for Biden's VP pick- says Kamala Harris makes the campaign stronger.


--DocBreak--
Last week, Big E let Kayla Braxton know he’s ready to taste the sweet nectar of championship gold, and a showdown with John Morrison will be the latest step in his quest towards a title. After an injury to Kofi Kingston at The Horror Show at WWE Extreme Rules, it was Big E’s time to go it alone as the bombastic Superstar set out to achieve his own personal goals.
 The New Day member already took down one member of the self-proclaimed “Greatest Tag Team of the 21st Century” with a win over The Miz two weeks ago.
 Can Big E keep the ball rolling with a win over Morrison, or can The Guru of Greatness provide a roadblock to his former rival?
 Tune in to Friday Night SmackDown on FOX at 8/7 C to witness the showdown of supremely skilled Superstars.


--DocBreak--
Plawecki then moved from catcher to pitcher, getting the final two outs, and Tzu-Wei Lin took over behind the plate. It was Lin's first-ever time catching professionally.


  “Once Peraza got smoked in the knee, that’s about as bad as it gets. We’re trying to get through a game and he gets smoked,” Red Sox manager Ron Roenicke said. “He’s OK. We X-rayed it and he actually got hit in a good spot on the knee, but I still feel bad about it.”


  The Rays scored at least eight runs in every game of the series. Getting eight in the first two and nine on Wednesday. They came into the series ranked near the bottom of the AL in total runs before the outburst. Not bad for a team that entered the series winless on the road.


  “I told you all we’d be fine two weeks ago,” Renfroe said. “You were worried about the offense.”


  Advertisement


--DocBreak--
Sandeep Singh: Covid 19 coronavirus - Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern caught between a rock and a hard place - NZ Herald


--DocBreak--
The income tax department on Thursday amended its e-assessment scheme to align it with faceless assessment. Amending the e-assessment scheme launched last year, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) notified changes to include change in nomenclature of scheme from 'E-assessment scheme' to 'Faceless Assessment Scheme'.
 It also enhanced the scope of such faceless assessments to include 'best judgment assessments' in case a taxpayer is not cooperating with the tax authorities and advance intimation to a taxpayer that his assessment will be done under such 'Faceless Assessment Scheme'.
 'Best judgement assessments' refer to tax assessments done as per the best of judgment of the tax officer, where the taxpayer does not co-operate or provide sufficient information for completion of assessment.

