Cristiano Ronaldo to Rub Shoulders With Lionel Messi at Barcelona? Fans Doubt If This Would Come True! (Read Tweets)


--DocBreak--
When Joe Biden picked U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris for his presidential ticket on Tuesday, setting up what could be an out-sized debate sequence, given the pandemic has robbed us of conventions and rallies, the national pundits suggested Sen. Harris would, as the New York Times’s Frank Bruni put it, “have him for breakfast.” Republican strategist Steve Schmidt observed, “I think Mike Pence is going to have a very, very difficult time in the vice presidential debate. Frankly, intellectually, from an eloquence and articulation perspective, they’re not in the same league with each other.”
 Pence’s response to Kaine is relevant and demonstrative on two levels today. First, given a thorny issue, Pence’s push back was effective. Second, times have changed dramatically. Saying the “safety and security of the American people” stood above anything else leaves the vice president open to incoming given how he and Trump have handled the pandemic that has claimed 165,000 American lives (and, at this writing, at least 2,898 Hoosiers).
 In 2016, Pence was selling the opportunity of Trump to many undecided voters who were sick and tired of the Clintons and Bushes, who saw America changing demographically from white and heterosexual to brown and polysexual, and who wondered why their adult offspring were still living in their basements.
 Since Trump handed Pence the pandemic portfolio, Pence spent much of April and May urging states to reopen in what now appears to be premature fashion. He’s spent July and August telling parents and local school officials that it was “safe” to return to in-person classes.
 Both are problematic. This fall, this election is not only a referendum on Trump, but also on who can extract American from the pandemic that is wreaking epic havoc on most aspects of life. As of last Friday, Trump’s strategy seemed to be this, in his own words: “It’s going away. It’ll go away. Things go away. No question in my mind that it will go away.”


--DocBreak--
Now that Google has announced a release date for the Pixel 4a , fans are waiting with baited breath for the tech giant to spill the beans on its next flagship. As with other smartphone manufacturers, the pandemic has pushed device launch dates back; we were expecting to see the Pixel 4a launch months ago, but as it stands, it's releasing on August 20 in the US (for $349), and on October 1 in the UK (£349) although pre-orders open on September 10. Apple has had similar problems with the iPhone…


--DocBreak--
About Us:   Cognitive Market Research is one of the finest and most efficient Market Research and Consulting firm. The company strives to provide research studies which include syndicate research, customized research, round the clock assistance service, monthly subscription services, and consulting services to our clients.

