Almeida and Mendez, 40, consider themselves experienced after spending a couple months entering the water on inner tubes. They make plastic hand paddles and wear flippers on their feet to propel them into the Caribbean. They're quickly out of sight of those back on shore.


--DocBreak--
After a rapprochement over about a decade, Israel and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) have now decided to establish diplomatic relations. In the coming week, they are expected to sign bilateral agreements for future cooperation on agriculture, food security, cyber security, tourism, technology and trade. The two states have also agreed to initiate direct flights between their airports on top of establishing reciprocal embassies.  
 The historic agreement brokered by the US and announced by US President Donald Trump did not come out of the blue but is the result of several years of closer ties. Israeli athletes accompanied the Israeli Minister for Sports and Culture Miri Regev to Abu Dhabi in 2018 and according to Israeli television channel i24News, in July 2019, military officials from UAE travelled to Israel in order to take a closer look at some US-made F-35 jets. The Israeli newspaper Haaretz has reported that the UAE bought two intelligence-gathering aircraft from an Israeli businessman, which have since been used to spy on Iranian airspace.
 It had also been planned for some time that Israel would take part in the Expo 2020 world fair that was due to take place in the UAE's most populous city Dubai this October, but has been postponed because of the COVID-19 pandemic. It is the first world fair to be hosted by an Arab state.
 In April 2019, in an interview with The National, an English-language daily newspaper published in the UAE, the country's foreign minister, Anwar bin Mohammed Gargash, lamented the fact that the two states did not enjoy diplomatic ties. "Many, many years ago, when there was an Arab decision not to have contact with Israel, that was a very, very wrong decision, looking back,” he said.
 Watch video 02:05


--DocBreak--
Despite the risks, the fishermen say being at sea for several hours brings a calm. They're far from the struggles of life on land -- the growing coronavirus, economic crisis, hungry children and no work.

