"It's an awful disease. There are no two ways about it," Dr Emma West told _60 Minutes_.


--DocBreak--
Cody Garbrandt & Henry Cejudo Fire Shots At Sean O’Malley After UFC 252 Loss


--DocBreak--
The patients in the RED ward are many and varied, from the elderly to the young, from heavily pregnant women to those battling both COVID-19 and drug addition.


--DocBreak--
"We've got a lot of emerging evidence for novel therapies and we're trying to do research and experiments to try and give us more options, but at the end of the day, it's very hard and challenging to see people die.


--DocBreak--
99¢ for the first month.
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 99¢ for the first month.
 News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 EDITORIALS
 # When customers won't mask up
 Bucks County Courier Times
 Whatever your politics or personal feelings about mask wearing, can we all agree that a 17-year-old Sesame Place employee should not have ended up in surgery for injuries to his jaw and teeth after being assaulted by two park patrons he’d reminded to wear their masks?
 Hopefully, even the loudest critics of PA Gov. Tom Wolf and his mask-wearing requirements will concede that no high school-age boy, probably making just over minimum wage at his first summer job, deserves a trip to the hospital for encouraging compliance with park rules.
 It’s sad that we write this assuming someone, somewhere will question whether the kid asked politely enough or suggest that it’s understandable, if not acceptable, that someone might get a little carried away while defending their personal liberties.
 But that’s how polarizing the debate over masks, required to slow the spread of the coronavirus, has become.
 We know that there are many who consider mask-wearing requirements to be an intrusive governmental overreach that infringes on their rights. But we also know that the vast majority of the people who feel that way nevertheless don their masks without complaint when entering a business.
 These people have our respect. They’re following a requirement they don’t like without taking it out on business owners and employees who are simply trying to follow the rules. We’re glad that most of those who oppose masks are showing such good judgment.
 Unfortunately, stories like what happened at Sesame Place last weekend have been emerging. In May, police in Perkasie arrested a borough resident for punching a store clerk who’d asked him to wear a mask while at the business.
 Late last month, a customer at the Fairless Hills Garden Center refused to put a mask on and became irate with at least three store employees who asked her to wear one, according to television news reports.
 Worse, the store reported on the garden center’s Facebook page that after word of the story spread, “anti-mask activists” “spammed” the garden center with one-star reviews on Yelp and Google.
 As we said, we understand that this behavior is the exception, not the rule. But we urge those who’d look to punish a business or its employees for following a state mandate to direct their anger toward Harrisburg instead. Contact your legislators, write letters to the editor and, above all, vote in November.
 Don't take it out on our community's businesses, many of which are struggling for their very survival in light of the pandemic and the shutdown orders that resulted.
 After all, the requirement that all customers wear masks while “on premises of businesses that serve the public within a building or a defined area and directs businesses to deny entry to individuals not wearing masks...” came from Harrisburg, not Fairless Hills.
 As for the businesses — and it’s unfortunate that we have to suggest this — these incidents ought to drive home the need to have conversations with their employees and written procedures in place detailing how customers who won’t wear masks are to be handled, particularly if they become angry or aggressive.
 Employees should never feel as through their bosses expect them to put themselves in harm’s way to enforce mask wearing.
 We believe mask wearing saves lives. We want everyone to comply with Wolf’s directives.
 But our businesses need to be ready to deal with the misplaced anger of those who won’t.
 Careers Accessibility Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback My Print Account
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook Twitter E-Edition Archives
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Pay Your Ad Bill Reviewed.com 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.buckscountycouriertimes.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
While face masks and other personal protective gear were an essential part of working in the RED ward, they did present a unique challenge when caring for patients under such frightening circumstances, Dr Ward explained.


--DocBreak--
Emma West is one of the doctors in the RED ward who spends long and difficult days treating patients struck by the virus.


--DocBreak--
The famous couple, who are expected to tie the knot in the near future, will be moving in with their soon to be blended family which includes Jennifer's kids - twins Max and Emme, and Alex's daughters - Natasha and Ella.

