The trailer of this year will be accessible on Funimation or even Hulu, but for the time being, there's not any trailer. Usually, the series' trailer is out two or a month before that season's real.


--DocBreak--
In a similar vein, Catholic League president Bill Donohue noted last October that the Democrat debate has grown openly hostile toward people of faith, which manifests itself in the candidates' severity in dealing with religious freedom issues.


--DocBreak--
Sloan has described MacKay's policies as "social liberal extremism," he has also come out swinging against O'Toole, accusing him of being a "Liberal-lite" conservative, who pushes the party to the left and silences MPs' freedom of speech on bills such as C-16. He said it was "appalling" that O'Toole had twice voted "for grown men to use the bathroom with my young daughters," playing up a harmful stereotype about transgender women using public facilities.
 He told Right Now that he was moved to compete for the leadership because of "how Red Tory" the other candidates in the running were. He has also suggested Lewis is not aggressive enough in pursuing a "pro-life" agenda.
 "The boldest thing my fellow pro-life candidate Leslyn Lewis has said on abortion is that 'a fetus shouldn't be terminated on the basis of its sex.' While I agree, that is setting the bar very low," he wrote.
 Sloan and his wife, Jennifer, have three young children: Fiona, 6, Callum, 5, and Nora, 4.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 99¢ per month. Save 90%.
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 99¢ per month. Save 90%.
 News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 # Women organizations plan for 100th anniversary of right to vote
 By Cindy Peterson
 For the Daily Commercial
 Members of the General Federation of Women’s Club and the Tri-County League of Women Voters are preparing this year’s festivities for the 100th anniversary of the passage of the 19th amendment, granting women the right to vote. Each year, Women’s Equality Day is celebrated on Aug. 26 in commemoration of this historic milestone.
 In Leesburg, the GFWC will be joining the nearly 8,400 members statewide in celebrating, which will include a reading of a proclamation by Leesburg Mayor Elise Dennison at the Leesburg City Commission meeting at Venetian Center at 5:30 p.m. Monday.
 “Women were not given the right to vote; they fought for it, and GFWC club women played a critical role,” member Karen Griggsby wrote in the announcement.
 “On June 14, 1914, GFWC approved a resolution stating, ‘The General Federation of Women’s Clubs give the cause of political equality for men and women its moral support by recording its earnest belief in the principle of political equality regardless of sex.’ It affirmed that suffrage had become a mainstream cause for middle-class women.”
 Sue Allen, GFWC Florida Women’s History and Resource Center chair, added, “Teach our children to lead, educate them about the 19th Amendment, our history and its importance for all citizens. It’s time to exercise that right to vote now for our country’s future before we lose it.”
 The Tri-County League of Women Voters also has a special proclamation planned in Sumter County on Sunday and its annual equaliTEA event will be held virtual on Monday at 1 p.m. on the group Facebook page.
 “When the suffragists were planning everything, their husbands didn’t believe they should be involved in political things, so going to a tea party became code for going to a planning meeting,” former president Beth Hicks said. “So we created the equaliTEA event where we have women of honor speak and share how they got to where they are.”
 Due to Covid-19, the event will be held virtually with a presentation by Carolyn Ingham, who will take a look through the women of history and what took so long for women’s right to vote to be secured.
 “When you read how hard it was and how hard these women worked to get to vote, you realize how important it is to vote,” Hicks said. “They weren’t given the right; they fought for it. They were put in prison, amongst other things. It took more than 70 years, three generations, and that gives me a deeper appreciation.”
 More information of these events can be found on the organization's respective Facebook pages.
 Careers Accessibility Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account My Print Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook Twitter E-Edition Archives
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Pay Your Ad Bill Reviewed.com 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.dailycommercial.com. All rights reserved.

