If life were closer to normal today, the economy might still be humming along.
 Of course, life is not normal and the economy has been affected by events begun anyone's control. Millions of jobs were lost when businesses were shut down for three months during the pandemic. Rioting and looting during protests following the death of George Floyd also hurt the economy. President Trump's trade wars likewise dinged economic growth.
 But the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) that was signed into law in 2017, accompanied by deregulation, has been a success. While it boosted the economy before the pandemic, it's also helping the economy today. It would be more difficult for the economy to recover from the shutdown if tax rates were at pre-2017 levels and the regulatory burden faced by the private sector had not been reduced.
 "The year began with a recovery that belied every negative cliche about the Trump tax cuts and regulatory reform," Phil Gramm and Mike Solon wrote in The Wall Street Journal. "Tax cuts demagogued as giveaways to the rich were creating higher wages and bonuses for workers and producing the lowest unemployment rates on record for Blacks, Hispanics, single women, the disabled and those with criminal records. Wages at the bottom were growing faster than at the top. The once-disappearing middle class was prospering … again."
 The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office reported that the tax cuts had generated enough additional growth to add $7.4 trillion to gross domestic product over the next 10 years, raising average annual per capita income by $2,250. Over the next decade, that increased growth is projected to generate $700 billion more in state and local taxes, and $1.438 trillion in additional federal revenue, offsetting the tax cut's projected 10-year cost of $1.456 trillion.
 Taxes and inversions
 Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was enacted, America was at a competitive disadvantage, as America's corporate rate of 35% was the highest in the developed world. Tax reform dropped the corporate rate to 21%.
 In addition, American businesses with international operations paid taxes twice - first on corporate profits in the country in which they were earned, then again at a rate of 35% when they returned their earnings to the United States. This resulted in dozens of companies moving their headquarters to other countries, while holding at least $2.5 trillion abroad.
 Tax reform created a territorial tax rate (i.e., with taxes paid where profits are accrued) and set a one-time 15.5% tax rate on cash, and 8% on non-cash or illiquid assets being returned to the United States.
 Bloomberg reported in December that more than $1 trillion had been repatriated, increasing tax revenues in spite of the lower tax rate. In addition, research by the University of New Hampshire Scholars' Repository noted last year that no U.S. companies had moved their headquarters abroad since the Tax Cuts & Jobs Acts had been enacted.
 The tax cuts were "a windfall for major American corporations," according to The New York Times, helping to drive up the profitability of companies in the S&P 500 more than 20% in 2018. Higher profits drove stock prices higher and provided businesses with the capital to expand, hire more employees and increase wages.
 Wages, which stagnated after the financial crisis, increased after the passage of tax reform, while the unemployment rate dropped. Before the pandemic, many employers reported that their greatest challenge was hiring qualified employees.
 MarketWatch reported in February that, "Real disposable income per household has increased by an average of about $5,000 since the TCJA became law. Labor force participation has increased. The economy has added about 6 million jobs since January of 2017. Unemployment is at a 50-year low."
 Gramm and Solon noted that real median weekly wages have risen six times as much during the past three years than during the eight years of the Obama Administration. Labor-force participation, likewise has risen by 1.1%, while it dropped 4.6% under President Obama.
 "In the first three years of the Trump administration, total employment was up 4.7% and real median household income was up $4,384, to an all-time high," Gramm and Solon wrote. "Who benefited most? The groups Democrats claim to represent: Blacks, Hispanics, single women, Native Americans, high-school dropouts, the disabled and those with criminal records. Each of those groups enjoyed the lowest unemployment rates on record. Blacks and Hispanics had the lowest incidence of poverty ever recorded."
 If elected President, Democratic candidate Joe Biden plans to repeal tax reform. He is also proposing additional taxes, such as a carbon tax and a new minimum tax on small businesses. Adding new taxes as America struggles to recover from the pandemic could result in a long, difficult recession.
 Deregulation Is working, too
 Tax reform gave a tremendous boost to the U.S. economy, but so did deregulation.
 I recently wrote that, on average, it takes a decade and $2.6 billion to get a drug approved. How would you like to wait 10 years for a COVID-19 vaccine?
 In response to the COVID-19 epidemic, the Trump Administration has streamlined the drug approval process. An effective vaccine is expected soon.
 While it's important to ensure that drugs are safe before they are approved, we also have a system that keeps drugs from patients with life-threatening diseases. Expediting the process for all drugs will save lives.
 The White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) reported that in fiscal 2019, it completed 150 deregulatory actions and 35 significant regulatory actions, eliminating 4.3 existing regulations for every new regulation. It claims to have eliminated $50.9 billion in regulatory costs since 2017 and anticipates saving $51.6 billion in regulatory costs from final rulemaking during the current fiscal year.
 Regulations that have been rolled back include "net neutrality," which sought to regulate the internet with utility regulations from the 1930s, the Affordable Care Act's tax on Americans who failed to obtain health insurance and a variety of environmental regulations.
 Some argue that the environmental benefits of the regulations outweigh the costs. For example, the Environmental Protection Agency has repealed and replaced Obama-era emissions rules for power plants and vehicles, weakened protection for more than half of the country's wetlands, and withdrawn a legal justification for restricting mercury emissions from power plants, according to The New York Times.
 However, environmental regulations are notoriously bureaucratic and are also used for political purposes, such as reducing or eliminating the use of fossil fuels. While the goal may be worthwhile, alternatives such as solar and wind currently cannot come close to meeting today's demands. And using regulations to prevent development circumvents the democratic process.
 Ironically, environmentalists who shut down pipeline projects, as one example, potentially cause more harm to the environment. Transporting oil by train instead of pipeline poses safety risks and is potentially much more harmful to the environment. When insufficient energy is produced to meet domestic needs, it must be imported, which presents added environmental risks. It also puts the United States at a competitive disadvantage with countries like Iran and Russia, which don't have the environmental restrictions that the United States has, so they can produce oil at a lower cost.
 In July, the Trump Administration issued the first update to the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) since 1978. The 1970 law requires an environmental study for all major projects that receive federal funding or permitting. In recent years, the average review involving an environmental impact statement took 4.5 years and the final document ran to 661 pages, before appendixes.
 A full environmental impact statement, the new rules say, should take no more than two years and 300 pages. An environmental assessment, which is less intensive, should be limited to 75 pages and take no longer than a year. When an environmental review exceeds these limits, written permission will be required from a senior agency official.
 The White House Council on Environmental Quality "estimates that federal agencies complete about 175 impact statements each year, plus 10,000 assessments," according to The Wall Street Journal. "Do the math, and in a decade the Trump Administration's rules could literally cut thousands of years of cumulative delay, speeding everything from interstate highways to gas pipelines to subway lines."
 Overall, "less regulation is correlated with less inflation, higher pace of economic activity, and higher employment and productivity," hedge fund manager Todd Sullivan recently wrote on Seeking Alpha.
 "Strong economic activity and rapid recovery from events like the unexpected COVID-19 is occurring primarily because lower regulatory burden makes it easier for society to adjust and regain its traction," Sullivan wrote. "Should additional deregulation occur, we can expect additional positive economic responses as long as net deregulation results in positives for society as a whole."
 While a cost-benefit analysis should determine which regulations should be killed off, the ultimate goal of increasing economic growth and efficiency is laudable. In addition, though, less regulation means greater freedom.
 Brenda P. Wenning of Newton is president of Wenning Investments LLC in Newton. She can be reached at Brenda@WenningInvestments.com or 617-965-0680. For additional information, visit her blog at www.WenningAdvice.com.


--DocBreak--
Sign up for ePaper. As a digital subscriber you get and exact replica of the printed newspaper. Click on the button for ePaper at the top of the page, Once on the ePaper page, follow the instructions to sign up. It's just $9.95 a month or $99.95 a year.


--DocBreak--
BELVIDERE, Ill. (WTVO) -- Cars for a cause--that's the meesage behind one local event bringing vehicle enthusiasts together over the weekend to support kids in need. Our team was there to fill you in on the nuts and bolts.


--DocBreak--
"
 Buy a single copy of the ePaper, an exact online version of the printed paper, for just 99 cents. The electronic news and advertising pages allow you to see the full page of the newspaper and select specific headlines, articles, photos and ads to read, all with the click of a button. Among other features, it reads stories aloud and translates the text into 11 languages.
 Sign up for ePaper. As a digital subscriber you get and exact replica of the printed newspaper. Click on the button for ePaper at the top of the page, Once on the ePaper page, follow the instructions to sign up. It's just $9.95 a month or $99.95 a year.
 Take ePaper for a free spin
 Subscribe today for home delivery Please call our Customer Service office at 888-MYPAPER (888-697-2737) for current options and rates.
 Pick up the paper at one of hundreds of locations on the South Shore.Single copies of the Ledger are $2 daily, $4 for the weekend Saturday/Sunday edition.
 Check out our free newsletter. The latest news delivered to your inbox first thing in the morning and mid-afternoon.
 Did you know you can buy any staff photo in the paper? Just click on the photo and the purchase link. If you have a problem, e-mail us at newsroom@patriotledger.com.
 To order a high-quality, glossy reprint of any page in the paper, send a check for $31.88 to The Patriot Ledger, 400 Crown Colony Drive, Quincy, MA 02169, Attn: Reprint Requests. Tax and shipping are included.
 "


--DocBreak--
That's a recipe for damaging, hurricane-force winds of more than 110 mph (177 kph) as Laura approaches the U.S. coast, forecasters said.
 "There is definitely a possibility that it could be a little bit stronger and be a Category 3," said meteorologist Benjamin Schott, who runs the National Weather Service office in Slidell, Louisiana.
 Marco was centered about 85 miles (135 kilometers) south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River and heading northwest at 10 mph (17 kph) Monday morning. Forecasters expected it to remain just offshore Tuesday as it weakens and dissipates, leaving a flooded coastline as it sets the stage for Laura.
 Laura was centered just south of central Cuba on Monday morning, drenching most of the island with rain and tropical storm force winds. It's top sustained winds were 65 mph (100 kph).
 Rain bands from both storms could bring a combined total of 2 feet (0.6 meters) of rain to parts of Louisiana and several feet of potentially deadly storm surge, forecasters said.
 "Basically that would be 10-feet plus along the southwest Louisiana coast line" in a reasonable worst-case scenario, Schott said. That surge also could push water up to 30 miles (48 kilometers) up the rivers, he said.


--DocBreak--
Doctor english says the district worked on a very detailed plan before children returned such as installing plexiglass in the buildings...and placing desks six feet a part in classrooms. he says he's confident they're doing enough to keep children as safe as possible but knows they may have to adjust as the school year goes on.

