Cognitive Market Research is one of the finest and most efficient Market Research and Consulting firm. The company strives to provide research studies which include syndicate research, customized research, round the clock assistance service, monthly subscription services, and consulting services to our clients. We focus on making sure that based on our reports, our clients are enabled to make most vital business decisions in easiest and yet effective way. Hence, we are committed to delivering them outcomes from market intelligence studies which are based on relevant and fact-based research across the global market.  


--DocBreak--
"In a nutshell, there are limited numbers in the 18s and no 16s at the Ghosts. For a sports mad town that loves its rugby league it just doesn't make sense," he said.


--DocBreak--
PM’s numbers dip as Vics urged to ‘stay the course’ | Byron Shire News


--DocBreak--
Hibs were also without Daryl Horgan after head coach Jack Ross confirmed that the Irish winger was set to leave the club in the coming days. Melker Hallberg and Drey Wright came in.


  Ryan Hedges earned a recall for the Dons after scoring a Europa League hat- trick off the bench against NSI Runavik and Tommie Hoban also came in as both sides lined up with three-man defences.


  Boyle might have had an inkling it would not be his day when he failed to capitalise on Joe Lewis’s early slip, shooting straight at the goalkeeper, who was well off his line.


  Lewis made a good stop from Josh Doig’s powerful first-time strike from long range and from another Boyle strike after Wright had found the wing-back with a brilliant crossfield ball on the break.


  Aberdeen were also creating chances as both teams pressed. Ofir Marciano denied Hedges and Marley Watkins following sharp passing moves and Christian Doidge missed a good chance for the hosts after an excellent pass from Hallberg.


  The breakthrough came out of the blue as Boyle picked up a loose ball inside his box and looked for a team-mate.


  Watkins came in on his blind side and nicked the ball as the winger swung his foot and took out the Dons striker. Ferguson sent Marciano the wrong way from the spot.


  Aberdeen looked solid in the opening stages of the second half and Matty Kennedy and McCrorie got long-range efforts on target.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW


  99¢ for the first month


  SUBSCRIBE NOW


  99¢ for the first month


  News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals


  Subscribe


  # Rough opening night for Buckeye Trail with 49-14 loss to Indian Valley


  Hank Keathley


  The Timers Reporter


  GNADENHUTTEN — Fireworks before and after the game helped open the new football field at Indian Valley High School.


  The Braves had plenty of fireworks on the field as well.


  Shane Thornton went 88 yards on Indian Valley’s first offensive play on the new field to spark a 49-14 victory over Buckeye Trail Saturday night.


  “In a perfect world, you want to see things like that happen,” said veteran head coach Matt Lancaster. “We’d talked about trying to run play action to hit a big play on the first play, but we had to go with our go-to play.


  “That was a great way to start ... it was pretty emotional.”


  The game never kicked off Friday night as a series of storms forced postponement to Saturday.


  After trailing 8-7 after one quarter, Indian Valley blew things open with four touchdowns in the second quarter.


  Thornton had 130 yards in the first quarter, but left the game with an injury.


  In the second quarter, Gavin Henry scored twice and Kent Schupbach ran for a touchdown, while Trevor Myers caught a long touchdown pass from Mason Love.


  The barrage gave Indian Valley a 37-8 lead at halftime.


  The Braves did it again in the third quarter when Henry went 45 yards for a touchdown on the first play of the half.


  In the meanwhile, Indian Valley’s defense slammed the door on the Warriors.


  Buckeye Trail put together a 60-yard drive late in the first quarter that was capped by a 22-yard run by Shane Smith.


  But the Braves picked off Warrior quarterback Connor Puskarich in sparking the big win.


  “Our defense flew to the ball all night,” Lancaster noted. “We had three interceptions and I was very pleased with our effort.”


  Careers Accessibility Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy


  Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account My Print Account Give Feedback


  Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram E-Edition


  Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Pay Your Ad Bill Reviewed.com 10Best Reach Local


  © 2020 www.daily-jeff.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
But the hosts could not oblige, limping to 143 for eight from their full allocation, leaving the match in a draw.


  Jamie Smith mustered 30 from 28 balls, but Cameron Delport’s two for 22 and Matthew Quinn’s two for 26 helped Essex stymie the hosts.


  Sam Hain’s unbeaten 35 steered Birmingham Bears to a six-wicket win over Glamorgan, with Adam Hose top-scoring with 38.


  Chris Cook’s 72 from 56 balls proved the biggest knock on show, but Glamorgan were unable to back up their skipper, with only Dan Douthwaite also reaching double figures with 15.


  Tim Bresnan’s three for 33 and Olly Stone’s two for 26 heavily restricted the home side, as the Bears sealed their first win in this year’s tournament.


  Adam Rossington shook off a hand injury to score a vital 51 from 31 balls as Northamptonshire sealed a nine-run win over Somerset at Wantage Road.


  Wicketkeeper Rossington was grimacing frequently after suffering a blow to the right hand and receiving treatment on the field, but he dug in as Northants notched 171 for six.


  Craig Overton took two for 49 and Oliver Sale two for 28, while skipper Josh Cobb plundered 42 for Northants.


  Roelof Van Der Merwe blasted an unbeaten 41 from 25 balls late in Somerset’s reply, but only James Hildreth with 34 and George Bartlett with 24 could offer anything close by comparison.


  Ben Sanderson’s three for 36 and Graeme White’s two for 24 did the trick for the victors in the field.


  Captain Luke Wright’s 82 from 55 balls drove Sussex to a tense six-wicket win over Hampshire.


  Wright and Phil Salt looked to have set Sussex en route to victory with an 89-run opening stand, chasing Hampshire’s 176 for five.


  David Wiese’s unbeaten 43 from 31 balls guided Sussex home after a wobble however, with Salt having earlier mustered 27 himself.


--DocBreak--
CARLSBAD, Calif. (CNS) - San Diego County Supervisor Jim Desmond and other leaders from North San Diego County met Friday with Legoland California staff to call for safe business openings in light of decreasing COVID-19 numbers.


--DocBreak--
"The Ghost Juniors are very fortunate with the quality of coach's in vital age groups. For example the under-13s have Ryan Farrel and Paul Donovan leads the under-14s. In a nutshell there needs to be a closer connection with Junior and Senior Clubs with a development professional pathway plan in place."


--DocBreak--
“And then it’s all down to the fact we didn’t play a centre-forward, but none of them are fit enough to start and you can see that today.


  “Patryk did 45, he did well, but he was really blowing towards the end and Albian needs conditioning work but you can see how good he is.


  “The likes of Edouard and Griffiths aren’t here either, they are injured. Tom Rogic is injured, Mikey Johnston is injured.


  “It was the best team we felt could have picked and today to start the game, we felt it was the right way to go.


  “Listen, I make decisions and you live and die off them for what you think is for the benefit of the club. It’s not some sort of ego trip. I have always put the players first and the club first.


  “I expected criticism after the game and the volume of criticism is sometimes out of sync and balance. But you learn to live with that and we had a good response today from the players.


  “No one is more sore about going out of the Champions League than myself. It’s on my CV now, that result, but I have to park that and move forward.”


--DocBreak--
Since 2016 my husband and I have been travelling around Ireland every few weeks in our own Volkswagen Caravelle, which took tourists on hackney tours of the Ring of Kerry before we converted it into a two-berth camper.


--DocBreak--
The weekend after Dorey and I speak, we are due to head off on our first trip since lockdown, and are inspired by the book to try somewhere we haven’t been before, and choose Dorey’s favourite route: Waterford’s Copper Coast. Even off the record he’s reluctant to tell me where the pictures in that chapter were taken, when I tell him that’s where we’re headed.


--DocBreak--
County health officials reported six new community outbreaks Friday, bringing the number of outbreaks in the past week to 20. The outbreaks were in a food processing setting and five in business settings.

