The case was argued in the Fourth Circuit before a panel of two Obama appointees, Judges Henry Floyd and James A. Wynn, Jr., and an elderly George H.W. Bush appointee, Judge Paul Niemeyer (who had dissented from the original Fourth Circuit ruling in this case). In light of the rulings by other courts of appeals on transgender student cases and the Supreme Court’s decision in Bostock v. Clayton County, Georgia, on June 15 of this year, holding that discrimination because of transgender status is discrimination “because of sex” under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the result in this new ruling was foreordained.


--DocBreak--
The fact remains that Anglesey is one of the poorest areas in the UK. The most recent statistics from the Office of National Statistics (ONS) in 2017 found the region had the lowest gross value added (GVA), which measures how much money is generated through goods produced and services delivered, in the whole of the UK
 It is no surprise that a promise of so many jobs could attract considerable support among locals and public representatives.
 Carwyn Jones, a Plaid Cymru councillor for the Isle of Anglesey County Council, is cabinet member for major projects and economic development. He said the Wylfa project is crucial for an area which has been severely impacted by the loss of industry.
 "I am born and bred in Anglesey and I have lived with a power station in the area all my life. I have family members and friends who have worked at Wylfa and it has been a vital source of income for them and their incomes over the years.
 "The stark reality that we face in Anglesey is the loss of industry due to globalisation that we will never see again. The aluminium plants which relied on the Wylfa station for its source of power, Anglesey Aluminium, Peboc, Octel, our slaughterhouse –we're losing all this industry on the island and it won't come back.
 "So we're left in a situation where there is not much that makes us different to other counties in north Wales for attracting investment."


--DocBreak--
left and right values for both. 


--DocBreak--
People Against Wylfa B (or Pawb, meaning 'everyone' in Welsh) was set up in the late 1980s and opposes the establishment of a new nuclear plant in north Wales.
 One of its leading members, Robat Idris, explained that the history of nuclear power's prominence in the Anglesey region goes back more than 60 years.
 "The development of the UK nuclear programme was part of the Cold War strategy of the government at the time," he said.
 "The Thatcher government wanted to start a programme of building nuclear reactors, which were then shelved. At the time there was strong opposition across the political parties, except the Tories, to nuclear in Wales."
 Having been off the agenda for many years, nuclear energy came back with a vengeance when in May 2006 then-Prime Minister Tony Blair endorsed a new generation of nuclear power stations across the UK, citing concerns over climate change and the need to update energy security.
 "The political establishment in north and west Wales didn't resist the plan for new plants in the region, which is where we get to Wylfa Newydd," Mr Idris said.
 "The project was seen as a saviour of Anglesey and north Wales and that had a knock-on effect. Firstly, when there is an expectation that something is going to happen, there is the notion that there's no need for an economic plan B. What if it doesn't happen?
 "That then drives the development for all of north Wales, so you have things like the North Wales Growth Deal from the government, which local authorities signed up to, and within which Wylfa was the main element. So you have councils who mightn't have necessarily been in favour of Wylfa signing up as if they didn't they wouldn't get the benefits of the overall plan.
 "Gwynedd and Anglesey councils' joint local development plans were also based mainly on the Wylfa project.
 "We thought there needed to be two plans; one for if Wylfa happened and one if it didn't. It shows a remarkable lack of different thinking. Nobody is coming up with any other sensible proposal for jobs matching people with the skills in the region."
 When Horizon Nuclear Power, a consortium set up to lead the project, came on board in 2009, it was proposed that up to 9,000 jobs would be created in Anglesey. The reality, Mr Idris suggested, was a bit different.
 "Their own report suggests less than 34% would be local. So you would have a lot of people coming in temporarily, which puts a big strain on police forces, health, schools and the community.
 "It's also not a good thing to have only one major employer in an area. The more embedded one company is in the region, the more people are afraid to speak up or complain if they are not happy."

