"The Prude family and the greater Rochester community deserve answers, and we will continue to work around the clock to provide them,” James said in a statement Thursday.


--DocBreak--
Segun ha explicado Aragones, este plan busca "acelerar cambios estructurales imprescindibles" a una Atencion Primaria que quedo "tocada" tras la crisis de 2008, unos recortes que ha asegurado que se estan revirtiendo desde 2016.


--DocBreak--
Leaderless WTO faces moment of truth


--DocBreak--
KENOSHA, Wis. — Joe Biden told residents of Kenosha, Wisconsin, that recent turmoil following the police shooting of Jacob Blake, a Black man, could help Americans confront centuries of systemic racism, drawing a sharp contrast with President Donald Trump amid a reckoning that has galvanized the nation.
 “We’re finally now getting to the point where we’re going to be addressing the original sin of this country, 400 years old … slavery and all the vestiges of it,” Biden said at Grace Lutheran Church, where he met with community leaders after a private session with Blake and his family.
 The visit marked the former vice president's first trip to the battleground state of Wisconsin as the Democratic presidential nominee and was a vivid illustration of the contrast he offers to Trump.
 While Biden spent more than an hour with the Blake family, Trump didn't mention Blake during his own trip to Kenosha on Tuesday. Where Biden traced problems in the criminal justice system back to slavery, Trump refused to acknowledge systemic racism and offered his unvarnished support to law enforcement, blaming the recent violence on “domestic terror.”
 “I can’t say if tomorrow God made me president, I can’t guarantee you everything gets solved in four years,” Biden said. But “it would be a whole lot better, we’d get a whole lot further down the road” if Trump isn’t re- elected.
 “There’s certain things worth losing over,” he concluded, “and this is something worth losing over if you have to — but we’re not going to lose.”
 Blake remains hospitalized after being shot in the back seven times by a white Kenosha police officer while authorities were trying to arrest him on Aug. 23. The shooting is the latest police confrontation with a Black man to spark protests. It follows demonstrations that swelled nationwide after George Floyd was killed by a white Minneapolis officer in May.
 Outside Grace Lutheran, Blake’s uncle, Justin Blake, compared Trump’s and Biden’s respective visits as he marched and chanted with a crowd. “Trump didn’t ask about my nephew. Trump didn’t mention my nephew’s name while he was here,” Justin Blake said.
 Justin Blake called Biden “more of a unifier” and credited the Democrat for bringing up criminal justice changes before being asked. But Justin Blake said “we’re holding everybody’s feet to the fire. Nobody gets a free pass.”
 Biden heard similar sentiments inside the church, where residents offered searing accounts of their struggles.
 Porsche Bennett, an organizer for Black Lives Activists Kenosha, told Biden she's “tired” at just 31 years old and worried for her three young, Black children. “For so many decades we’ve been shown we don’t matter,” she said, adding that she's heard promises from plenty of politicians, but not “action.”
 Biden answered that, because he's white, “I can’t understand what it’s like to walk out the door or send my son out the door or my daughter and worry about, just because they’re Black, they might not come back.”
 But he compared the current era of cell phone videos of violent police actions to television footage showing civil rights protesters being beaten more than a half-century ago. He called both circumstances a politically crucial awakening for white Americans. Biden also stressed the disproportionate effects of the coronavirus pandemic and its economic fallout on non-whites.
 “I think the country is much more primed to take responsibility, because they now have seen what you see,” Biden told Bennett, the community organizer.
 Barb DeBerge, owner of DeBerge Framing & Gallery, told Biden of the deep pain exposed by the protests and how it has reached many business owners whose establishments have been burned. DeBerge noted her shop still stands, but said, “I just I don’t think I really grieved as much as I should because being a business owner, I have to keep going, I have to keep working.”
 Wisconsin Gov. Tony Evers, a Democrat, said that he’d asked both Biden and Trump not to come. “I would prefer that no one be here, be it candidate Trump or candidate Biden,” Evers said in a news conference.
 Yet Kenosha was mostly calm for Biden's visit, other than some verbal jousting outside the church between activists, including Bennett, and at least one Trump supporter.
 Michelle Stauder, a 60-year-old retired Kenosha school teacher said Biden is “here spreading the word of peace and rebuilding.”
 Kenneth Turner stood nearby with a Trump-Pence yard sign. “Everyone is blaming Trump for everything,” the 50-year-old Kenosha man said. “But problems here have been around a long time before Trump.”
 Biden criticized Trump for his sweeping condemnations of protesters, his absolute defense of law enforcement and denials that Americans with black and brown skin face barriers that whites do not — statements aimed by the president at his overwhelmingly white political base.
 During his Kenosha trip Tuesday, Trump toured damaged buildings and discussed ways to quell unrest with law enforcement officials. Trump was greeted by supporters who occasionally mixed with and yelled at Black Lives Matter organizers.
 The president amplified his approach Thursday evening in Pennsylvania, another state that could decide the election. “Biden went (to Kenosha) today. There was nobody there. There was nobody there,” Trump said. At about the same time, Biden was greeted after an evening event by hundreds of supporters who chanted, “Let’s go Joe!”
 Trump also repeated his baseless assertion that Biden supports riots. Biden, in fact, has repeatedly condemned violence, most recently on Thursday, and he has criticized Trump for not denouncing a 17-year-old Illinois teen now charged with killing two protesters after he traveled to Kenosha armed and intent, he said, on protecting local businesses.
 Biden, who enjoyed police union backing for much of his political career, has defended police officers for bravery and public service. But he said again Thursday that policing must be overhauled. He repeated his promise of a national commission on policing if he's elected.
 Biden does not want to “defund the police,” contrary to Trump's claims. But he proposes that local forces agree to certain best practices as a condition of federal grants. He also wants to spend more on other public agencies, such as mental health services, to ease social problems police must handle by default.
 Most police officers are “decent people,” Biden said in Kenosha, but he added that “every organization” has “bad people.” That, he said, gives the country “a chance to change things, and we can.”
 As he boarded his plane for a return trip to his Delaware home, Biden said he didn't know if his trip to Kenosha was more successful than Trump's.
 "But I felt good about it,” he said. “I think we brought people together and I felt good about it.”


--DocBreak--
VENICE (AP) — Two stars at the Venice Film Festival, Cate Blanchett and Tilda Swinton, have praised the decision by the Berlin festival to award gender- neutral prizes, with Swinton predicting other award ceremonies will follow suit.


--DocBreak--
The report scrutinizes different business approaches and frameworks that pave the way for success in businesses. The report used expert techniques for analyzing the Industrial Copper Cable Market; it also offers an examination of the global market. To make the report more potent and easy to understand, it consists of infographics and diagrams. Furthermore, it has different policies and development plans which are presented in summary. It analyzes the technical barriers, other issues, and cost-effectiveness affecting the market.


--DocBreak--
"María Corina Machado es libre de decir lo que quiera. Vive en un realismo mágico y está haciendo un llamado a un plan B, no creo que eso sea una respuesta sensata a lo que la gente necesita”. Elliot Abrams, enviado especial para Venezuela del Departamento de Estado, 31 de agosto del 2020.


--DocBreak--
The lease plan bypasses the typical route of securing legislative approval to borrow money to build state buildings. Prison construction bills failed in the legislature among political infighting over which districts would lose existing prisons and which ones would get the new facilities and the jobs that come with them.


--DocBreak--
pageTitle: '5paisa.com inducts ex-CTO of Flipkart Garikipati on board',


--DocBreak--
Batman crew working 'round the clock' to shoot without Robert Pattinson after he tests positive for Covid-19


--DocBreak--
_Distributed by APO Group on behalf of WHO Regional Office for Africa._


--DocBreak--
Free, the mobile subsidiary of France's Iliad, says the French government has refused give it the authorization to use equipment from Huawei, despite rivals Bouygues Telecom and SFR getting the green light to do so. As Reuters reports, CEO Thomas Reynaud said: "This breach of equal treatment is problematic," adding that Free was considering a switch to Nokia for its 5G deployment.


--DocBreak--
Head of Israeli police Roni Alshich has stepped down from his post. "I enjoyed every minute," Alshich commented regarding his tenure as a leader in law enforcement.
 Asked about his future, Alshich did not rule out entering politics. "I am currently going to be involved in business. Everybody wants different type of leadership," he added.


--DocBreak--
"articleBody":"Sowing of kharif (summer) crops touched a new record at 1,095.38 lakh hectare so far in the current season on the back of good rains and timely pre-positioning of crop inputs, according to the agriculture ministry.


--DocBreak--
How you can tour around Kenya on a shoestring budget


--DocBreak--
310pp, Rs 1360; BloomsburyYour book addresses race, class and gender issues in a layered manner, showcasing the everydayness of living with prejudice. How important do you feel telling stories of precarious existences like Emira's is in today's deeply polarized world? When I set out to write anything, a short story or a novel, it's never because I feel the content or the issues are important. The story has to be gripping and real and the characters have to be interesting to me. I do like modern stories, and any story that includes domestic work must do the work of addressing race and the history that makes the transactional relationship still as fraught as ever. What's most important to me as a reader and a writer is for a story to tell the truth.It is interesting how the monetization and commoditization of child care is presented in the novel. This difficult quantification of care-based labour, was that a major concern that you wished to address through the narrative? My major concern was addressing how childcare is presented to the Chamberlains and Emira. As a reader, I feel that I take away new thoughts on big broken systems by getting lost in the tiny personal details of characters that become real to me. I loved the idea of Alix and Emira's worlds coming together and colliding over the past and new boyfriend, when really, the care of Briar should be the main focus. I think it's interesting and heartbreaking that Emira offers wonderful child care, but the way her life is going is the same as many other black women, and she'll never afford this level of childcare on her own. Showing Emira as a fully-fledged person, as well as a commodity in childcare, was very important to the story.There are a lot of awkward moments and situations described in the text which address white privilege in 'liberal' circles from a nuanced perspective. How much of that came from personal experiences? None of the events in the novel actual happened as I'm not great with auto-fiction, but I'd like to think they're all based in truth. I'm constantly writing down things in my phone that I overhear or witness, and later I end up twisting them and shaping them against a plot till they work. I definitely inserted the feeling of working in a home, as I was a babysitter and nanny for many years, and there were many children that I grew to love very much. There is a moment where Emira is hit on while on a train, and Kelley tells a passenger that she is his girlfriend, that this is a little game they play. That did happen to me many years ago on the train. I have no idea what happened to that man but I hope he's well. David GoddardAuthor Kiley ReidThe story is narrated through by both Alix and Emira; how difficult was that to achieve and what were the most challenging scenes to be written from this dual perspective? With any story, especially a novel, there are several starts and stops as you get to know your characters. There were many deleted pages for both Emira and Alix. I went in and out of first person at times, and while I eventually settled into close third, as that's where I'm most comfortable, those original pages were helpful in getting to know their perspectives. The most difficult scene to write from a dual perspective was definitely the Thanksgiving scene. The two big questions are always, "Whose perspective will be the most interesting? And whose perspective will best serve the plot?" There were many moments in the Thanksgiving scene where it took writing a scene from one character's point of view to fully understand that the other character's point of view would actually work better. Do you feel that writing for an author of colour will always be a political act?I don't feel that writing is always a political act, but I do think that stories are always political, regardless of the race or background of the author. There have been books that alter my way of thinking and made me see money and power quite differently, but I think it's important to acknowledge that when I, or any other author, take pen to paper, and are lucky enough to receive a platform, that power isn't being redistributed in a way that can have real impact and in a way that it should be. But stories are always political. Any story that claims to not be political becomes doubly so, in that the author is only highlighting their ability and privilege to make that choice. Since a film adaptation is in the works, what are some of your concerns as an author? Also, what do you as an active participant in the process look forward to? I think every author holds concerns about a film adaptation properly recreating the spirit of a novel. I don't want to be too precious about it, as I think it's important to let the experts do their job, and my favorite adaptations often stray from the plot of novel they are based on. But as an executive producer I'll absolutely step in when I feel that I can offer more insights to these characters. I'm very much hoping we can translate the awkward scenes into even more visceral moments on screen.Having penned both short stories and a full length novel, which would you say is the more difficult form to compose in and conversely, which do you enjoy writing more? For me, novels are harder and more enjoyable. Especially with plot- centered novels, bringing a story and characters together in a wonderfully choreographed mess is difficult but so gratifying in a way that short fiction doesn't always allow. That said, I still love short stories and I think reading and writing them makes me a better listener. How has the pandemic and the subsequent lockdown affected your writing process? The pandemic has definitely affected the travel and publication dynamics of my book tour. I was so disappointed to cancel so many events as I've learned that a book tour is where such lovely relationships can be made between authors and readers, but I'm even more thankful that I can stay safe and healthy. I'm writing just as much as before as I'm used to working from home, but I do find that I'm reading more. I used to only be able to hold one book in my head at a time, but lately I've been doing one fiction book, one book on tape, and one non- fiction book, and I'm able to keep them nicely separated in my mind. What are you working on next? I'll be working on the film adaptation of Such A Fun Age as well as very slowly starting on novel number two.Simar Bhasin is an independent journalist. She lives in New Delhi.


--DocBreak--
jpnn.com, JAKARTA \- Film Bill & Ted Face The Music akan tayang eksklusif di platform layanan streaming Klik Film pada 5 September 2020.
 Frederica, Direktur Klik Film mengatakan, film tersebut tayang di Indonesia setelah seminggu sebelumnya dirilis di Amerika Serikat.


--DocBreak--
EDMONTON, Alberta — The Vancouver Canucks appeared to be down and out, faced with a 3-1 series hole and their starting goalie out.
 A rookie backup from San Diego has changed their vibe.
 Bring on Game 7.
 Thatcher Demko stopped 48 shots, Quinn Hughes set an NHL record with a goal and an assist, and the Canucks staved off elimination for the second straight game with a 4-0 win over the Vegas Golden Knights Thursday night.
 “Thatcher's been our MVP both nights,” Hughes said. “He's standing on his head back there, making some amazing saves to keep us in games.”
 J.T. Miller had a goal and an assist, Jake Virtanen also scored and Bo Horvat added an empty-net goal with 4 1/2 minutes left. Hughes has 16 points this postseason, one more than the record for rookie defenseman Colorado's Cale Makar set Wednesday night.
 Demko did the rest in his second playoff start, becoming the third rookie goalie in NHL history to force a Game 7 with a shutout.
 Game 7 is Friday.
 “There's no quit. We showed that all year,” Miller said. “Obviously (Demko) is playing unreal right now and we're coming on at the right time.”
 Demko was stellar in Game 5 when Jacob Markstom was deemed unfit to play and was even better Thursday night. The 24-year-old San Diegan stymied the Golden Knights with a series of spectacular saves and helped the Canucks withstand a flurry of shots with a 1-0 lead late in the first period into the second.
 Demko has stopped 90 of 91 shots in two starts, leaving the Golden Knights frustrated in their attempt to reach the Western Conference finals for the second time in three years.
 “We've got to find a way to score,” Vegas coach Peter DeBoer said. “You're not going to win games when you're getting shut out or scoring one goal.”
 Vancouver staved off elimination with a 2-1 win in Game 4 Monday night despite being outshot 43-17. Demko was a big reason, stopping 42 shots in his first playoff start.
 The Canucks started slow in Game 5, but swarmed the Golden Knights early in Game 6. Virtanen capitalized, catching Vegas goalie Robin Lehner off-guard with a wraparound through his pads.
 The Golden Knights settled into their big-body game after allowing the goal, shutting down Vancouver's speed and shooting lanes. Vegas held the Canucks without a shot on goal during a 19-minute span into the second period and created numerous good scoring opportunities.
 But, like they did in Game 5, the Golden Knights had trouble finding the net. Demko had something to do with it, making numerous spectacular saves, but Vegas sailed shots past the goal nearly as many times.
 “We blew some opportunities over the net or wide that we had some real good looks on,” DeBoer said.
 Vancouver needed 63 seconds of the third period to score again, going up 2-0 when Miller beat Lehner from the right faceoff dot through a screen out front.
 “That was big,” Canucks coach Travis Green said. “A two-goal lead is better than a one-goal lead, especially with that team.”
 Demko stopped Mark Stone's short-handed breakaway shortly after the goal, then Hughes beat Lehner through a screen from the left circle midway through the third period.
 Vancouver pulled Lehner with about 6 minutes left and it backfired when Horvat skated the puck into an empty net, sealing a seven-game series.
 “We're confident going into tomorrow,” Vegas LW Max Pacioretty said. “We were confident going into Games 5 and 6., feel like we can win”
 Notes: Virtanen was injured after a big hit by Brayden McNabb late in the third period and remained on the ice for more than a minute before being helped off. He said after the game he just had his wind knocked out. ... Vegas went 0 for 5 on the power play, Vancouver 0 for 4. ... The previous record for points by a rookie defenseman of 14 was set by Quebec's Marian Stastny in 1982 and Philadelphia's Ville Leino in 2010.


--DocBreak--
"I don't know where he got the strength from, to cry, because he had been there for so many days."
 Money was tight for the couple due to their immigration status, but they made baby food for Adriel from scratch.
 Eric was receiving a payment of only £35 a week from the government, the family was supported by charities and their church.
 He refuted the suggestion Mercy starved to death.
 Eric said: "There was a lot of fake news going around, the part where they said she starved to death was entirely wrong.
 "Asylum seekers and refugees do not get a lot of support from the government but there are charities that help.
 "To say that Mercy died of starvation or hunger is wrong - there were people there to help."


--DocBreak--
38 Filipino seafarers lost at sea


--DocBreak--
Born and bred in South Yorkshire, before moving to Shetland I was the assistant editor at the Barnsley Chronicle, where my journalism career began.


--DocBreak--
It’s quite obvious that cuts have been made, that scenes and (I’ve been told) even characters have been eliminated, in that the film comes in at a comparatively compact two-hour running time. But to the questions: Is it a good story and is it well told?, the answers to both are a resounding yes.
 I did check out the Project Gutenberg Ebook of “David Copperfield” and can attest to the fact that the first line of both the novel and the film is “Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.”
 I’ll only know of other similarities if I one day sit down to read the book. For now, here’s what you’ve got in store in this wonderfully entertaining film.
 It’s jam-packed with characters, and I use that word in an imaginative, expressive manner. Our titular protagonist, played with compassion and energetic zest by Dev Patel, is one of the film’s few “normal” people, and is joined in that category by possible love interest Agnes (a glowing Rosalind Eleazar). Pretty much everyone else around David goes over the top in displaying some sort of odd personality, whether it be pushy Betsey Trotwood (Tilda Swinton), evil Murdstone (Darren Boyd), rascally Mr. Micawber (Peter Capaldi - “Dr. Who” fans rejoice!), slimy Uriah Heep (Ben Wishaw), addled Mr. Dick (Hugh Laurie), or bubbleheaded Dora Spenlow (Morfydd Clark).


--DocBreak--
"Si no me compras el billete me da igual, te mato a ti y a tu hijo", le dijo a su expareja, siempre según la acusación pública.


--DocBreak--
The fund is a nice complement to a portfolio of mostly Robinhood growth stocks, as it won't necessarily move in tandem with individual securities.


--DocBreak--
Covid-19 cuts imports by 20pc as businesses grind to a halt


--DocBreak--
Could the U.S. really see a coronavirus vaccine before Election Day?
 A letter from federal health officials instructing states to be ready to begin distributing a vaccine by Nov. 1 — two days before the election — has been met, not with exhilaration, but with suspicion among some public health experts, who wonder whether the Trump administration is hyping the possibility or intends to rush approval for political gain.
 The skepticism comes amid growing questions about the scientific credibility of the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and their vulnerability to political pressure from President Donald Trump.
 Dr. Anthony Fauci, the government's top infectious-disease expert and a member of Trump’s coronavirus task force, told CNN on Thursday that it is unlikely but “not impossible” that a vaccine could win approval in October, instead of November or December, as many experts believe.
 “And I would assume, and I’m pretty sure, it’s going to be the case that a vaccine would not be approved for the American public unless it was indeed both safe and effective," he said.
 Similarly, Dr. Moncef Slaoui, chief adviser to Operation Warp Speed, the administration's project to hasten the development of a vaccine, told NPR that it is possible but “extremely unlikely” a vaccine will be ready before the election.
 White House spokeswoman Kayleigh McEnany, meanwhile, gave assurances that Trump “will not in any way sacrifice safety” when it comes to a vaccine. And executives of five top pharmaceutical companies pledged that no COVID-19 vaccines or treatments will be approved, even for emergency use, without proof they are safe and effective.
 The concerns were set off by a letter dated Aug. 27 in which CDC Director Robert Redfield asked the nation's governors to help government contractor McKesson Corp. set up vaccine distribution facilities so that they are up and running by Nov. 1. Redfield did not say a vaccine would be ready by then.
 Some longtime scientific advisers to the government said the CDC's preparations for a possible early vaccine do not necessarily mean that an answer will come sooner or that there will be a rush to judgment about whether one works.
 “Being prepared for early success ... is actually prudent,” said Dr. Steven Nissen, a Cleveland Clinic cardiologist. If a vaccine is working, “you want to be prepared to act on the information.”
 Still, to some public health experts, the timing of the letter smacked of a political stunt by a president facing a tough reelection.
 “I think it’s almost a certainty,” said Ashish Jha, dean of the Brown University School of Public Health. He said November "feels awfully early.”
 Jha noted the FDA’s recent move to approve emergency use of convalescent plasma against COVID-19 following threats and complaints from Trump about the slow pace of the agency’s review.
 Last week, FDA Commissioner Stephen Hahn was forced to correct himself after overstating the lifesaving benefits of the plasma treatment. The CDC also came under fire from scientists in recent days for quietly updating its guidelines to suggest fewer Americans need to get tested for the virus.
 Jha said the stakes here are much higher.
 “You want to have pretty good safety data on vaccines,” he said. “So I am deeply worried that that’s not what is going to happen.”
 Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer questioned the Trump administration's motives.
 “Too much of the evidence points to the Trump administration pressuring the FDA to approve a vaccine by Election Day to boost the president’s reelection campaign," he said in a statement. “This raises serious safety concerns about politics, not science and public health, driving the decision making process.”
 Three COVID-19 vaccines are undergoing final-stage, or Phase 3, clinical trials in the U.S. Each study is enrolling about 30,000 people who will get two shots, three weeks apart, and then will be monitored for coronavirus infections and side effects for anywhere from a week to two years.
 The FDA will not be able to even consider a vaccine until certain key steps occur.
 First, independent experts on what are known as data safety monitoring boards, or DSMBs, will have to rule that they have collected enough information to draw firm conclusions about a vaccine’s performance. Then the experts will make the data available to the manufacturer, which will decide whether to submit it for FDA approval.
 Whether and when to stop a study early is up to a DSMB, whose scientists see a study’s results as they are accumulating. The company does not.
 “We will not cut corners,” Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla vowed Thursday in a call with reporters, hosted by a pharmaceutical industry group. Chief executives from Merck, Roche, Eli Lilly and Gilead Sciences agreed, adding that extra transparency on the test results and approval process is needed.
 Bourla said that as of Wednesday, the company’s late-stage study, which started at the end of July, had enrolled about 23,000 people, some of whom had already received the second dose. He said he expects by the end of October to have enough participants infected by the virus to tell whether the vaccine works — an extremely fast timeline.
 Countries around the world are racing to develop a vaccine. Russian President Vladimir Putin announced Aug. 11 that his country had become the first to approve one, but scientists reacted skeptically because the shots had been tested on just a few dozen people.
 Alex Azar, Trump’s secretary of Health and Human Services, gave assurances that any decision to release a vaccine in the U.S. would be based on the data and the “FDA’s gold standards.”
 And he accused those questioning the Nov. 1 date of partisanship.
 “I think it’s very irresponsible how people are trying to politicize notions of delivering a vaccine to the American people,” he told CBS. “We already have a significant challenge in this country with vaccine hesitancy. And efforts to undermine confidence in a vaccine ... hurt in terms of people being willing to take a vaccine once it comes through.”


--DocBreak--
Talims in Maharashtra gather dust as wrestlers wait for state nod to restart contact sports - pune news - Hindustan Times


--DocBreak--
Home›Gear›Glenmuir is still in full swing


--DocBreak--
“That's easier said than done, because he


--DocBreak--
The household refrigerator seems an obvious place to store foods so they stay fresher for longer, but some ingredients simply aren't made for colder temperatures. It may be second nature to stash just about anything in the fridge, but this produce actually stays fresher at room temperature.


--DocBreak--
Joe Biden seeks to soothe city on edge after speaking with Jacob Blake | News24


--DocBreak--
All this vision has, of course, its antecedents. Kierkegaard arches like a reed, is spindly and somewhat lopsided. He wears a silk scarf around his neck, his eyes clear, his features sharp, his hair straight and swirling. He walks the streets at a good pace and with an out-of-step gait (his leg is longer than the other), his jacket excessively buttoned and his chin high. His stamp is familiar to his fellow citizens. Not so much because she has been ridiculed to the point of cruelty by a local satirical magazine, but because of her continuous walks, because she savors with pleasure and wit the conversations with her countrymen, because of her continuous displays of affection with the tormented students who approach her. His short life (like that of Weil or Pico) runs over the abyss. As a young man she discovers that her father cursed God when she was a goatherd in Jutland. His melancholic parent can hear divine laughter, which is embodied in his success in business. Understand that you must shoulder that burden. He falls in love with 14-year-old Regina Olsen, but renounces the marriage and dedicates himself to studying. Except for a few months in Berlin, his life takes place in Copenhagen. In the German capital he listens to the lessons of Schelling, who seems a fool to him and, when all of Europe is Hegelian, maintains that there is no equivalence between being and reason and that the truth is not only far from being "pure thought", but is it seems more like an unfathomable and contradictory subjectivity. As in Weil's case, an ecstatic experience leads him to embrace the fight against Christianity in the name of Christianity. He spends all his money (inherited thanks to his father's curse) on the magazine _The instant._ Many sign on its pages but he only writes under different heteronyms. When the money runs out, he dies. Cornered by the official church and the Hegelians, it avoids oblivion thanks to Haecker and Heidegger and reaches Spain through Høffding and Unamuno.


--DocBreak--
[Talims in Maharashtra gather dust as wrestlers wait for state nod to restart contact sports,What hurts the state wrestlers is that its Haryana counterparts are allowed to practice by the authorities. ]


--DocBreak--
And he recalled the moment he set eyes on his girlfriend, in a phone repair shop in 2017.
 He had come to the UK from Nigeria in 2008 to study at Aberdeen University and also has an MA in petroleum engineering from there.
 Eric said: "When I saw her she was looking all beautiful and charming so we got talking.
 "Then we exchanged Facebook contacts and started chatting online before we met.
 "I loved her personality.
 "She was calm, so charming and lovely."


--DocBreak--
“He’s going to be hospitalized at least a month with two major surgeries, so then down the road: months of (physical therapy), follow up visits; we don’t know what that will add up to,” Lori said.


--DocBreak--
Farm sheds get green light to be converted into guesthouse - Kildare Now


--DocBreak--
PEORIA -- The clock is ticking on the ice-making system in Carver Arena.
   
 It is nearing the end of its lifespan, an ongoing issue of which both the Peoria Rivermen and landlord Peoria Civic Center are aware.
   
 The present system was put in during the mid-1990s, and over the last couple seasons has had malfunctions that have washed out the color on the ice, left long dark streaks and left the SPHL team playing on a cosmetically poor surface, cost thousands of dollars for the facility to quick-fix and left a looming threat of a more severe breakdown halting a season.
   
 The Civic Center has won a $25 million grant from the state for capital improvements in the facility -- a gift from the gods, if you will -- and certainly the ice-making setup is among the items on a long to-do list.
   
 "The ice facility, we don't know what will happen with that yet," Civic Center Authority Board chairman Matt Bartolo said. "We came up with an extensive list of what to spend that $25 million on. It is definitely in that list.
   
 "But we have not received the first dollars from the state yet. What we're able to do, and when, will be dictated by when the state gives us these grants."
   
 A new ice system at Carver Arena is estimated to cost somewhere between $2-3.5 million. It'll have a 20-30 year lifespan if all goes well. And it will be a must-have for the Civic Center if it wants to maintain an elite profile as a venue, and be home to its 39-year professional hockey team as a tenant. Not to mention the ability to book future ice-related events, like Disney On Ice shows.
   
 "I would say the ice plant will be part of the discussion with our committee that is going to handle these capital improvements," Civic Center general manager Rik Edgar said. "We think the ice system at Carver Arena will get us through one more season. Possibly two.
   
 "Is there a long-term agreement with the team? If we're going to spend that kind of money, is the team staying with us?
   
 "Those are all things that will be considered by our committee when the time comes."
   
 In other words, the Rivermen would like to see a new ice-making plant installed before they agree to a longer-term lease deal.
   
 And the Civic Center would like to see a longer-term lease deal before it commits to replacing the ice-making plant.
   
 The Rivermen opened Carver Arena in 1982 as its first sports event. The arena was designed for hockey, with its sightlines and space. Over the years various NHL scouts and executives have come into the building and lauded it as a scaled-down big-league venue.
   
 It would be hard to imagine Carver Arena without the Rivermen, and the collateral economic boost their fans provide to the downtown economy.
   
 And it would be hard to believe city officials would let a community asset like the Rivermen leave downtown, or a facility like the Civic Center be diminished.
   
 "We are well aware of the issue facing our organization at the Peoria Civic Center with the ice plant that is beyond its life expectancy being able to operate efficiently," Rivermen co-owner Bart Rogers said. "Our players, fans and sponsors have seen the issues first hand the last few years with the challenges the Peoria Civic Center has been up against, keeping it operational for our franchise to be able to play games on while also practicing throughout each season.
   
 "The Civic Center has worked hard and done its best to keep that ice system operating. Rivermen hockey is one of the longest continually operating minor league hockey franchises in all of North America, something that is a legacy in central Illinois we're all proud of. ... we want to continue that trend for another four decades, but without a functioning ice plant, the Rivermen have no other home or ice facility in town with a large enough capacity to make the franchise financially sustainable.
   
 "Hopefully, with this capital improvement grant from the state, the Civic Center can help assure the community's pro hockey team will have a home."
   
 Dave Eminian covers the Rivermen and Chiefs for the Journal Star, and writes the Cleve In The Eve sports column for pjstar.com. Reach him at 686-3206 or deminian@pjstar.com. Follow him on Twitter @icetimecleve.


--DocBreak--
_Uno de los objetivos que tenemos como BID Invest es contribuir al desarrollo sostenible de los países y esto a través de alianzas. Consideramos que la pandemia ha destacado la importancia de la digitalización. Esta alianza no es solo una operación financiera, incluye también una asistencia técnica enfocada en tres objetivos: 1) Contar con un diagnóstico de las necesidades de transformación de las pymes, 2) Apoyar a Banco de América Central, S.A., en el desarrollo de herramientas para promover la digitalización en las pymes. 3) lograr una segmentación de la cartera pymes lideradas por mujeres, mencionó Gema Sacristán, CIO de BID Invest._


--DocBreak--
With a story as explosive as Pastor Gray's, it didn't take much to stoke the anger and fire from social media, which has been picking apart his private life but that's to be expected for a person of fame and his given profession in light of the allegations that have surfaced.


--DocBreak--
Rochester, N.Y. police under fire for arrest of Black man who later died


--DocBreak--
5paisa.com inducts ex-CTO of Flipkart Garikipati on board


--DocBreak--
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia will not entertain requests to extradite ethnic Uighur refugees to China and will allow them safe passage to a third country should they feel their safety is at risk, a minister has said.
 Southeast Asia has been a preferred transit point to Turkey for ethnic Uighurs Muslims, fleeing what refugees and activists have described as oppression and mass internment by the Chinese government.


--DocBreak--
We're Sick And Tired,' Activists Say As Animal Welfare Finds No Abuse On Madliena Dobermans


--DocBreak--
Singapore and Singaporeans are not starting from scratch, he added, but are building on strong pillars and steady improvements over the years.


--DocBreak--
Farm sheds get green light to be converted into guesthouse


--DocBreak--
"cssSelector":[ "5paisa.com inducts ex-CTO of Flipkart Garikipati on board",


--DocBreak--
RIpple's XRP managed to rebound from the critical support level of $0.2400 and regained some ground. But the long-term technical picture implies that the token is not out of the woods yet. Let's have a closer look at what may be in store for XRP.


--DocBreak--
Nottingham Forest fans, would you like to see Ioannou join the club this summer? Let us know what your thoughts are in the poll at the bottom of the page.


--DocBreak--
The good looks of the Cayenne Coupe come at the expense of rear seat passengers. Unlike most competitors that seat five, the Porsche Cayenne Coupe S only seats four. Realistically, that’s not a big problem—how many adults is BMW squeezing into the X6? It’ll fit maybe three tweens at best. But two adults fit better in the X6 than in the Cayenne Coupe S. The Porsche’s low, arcing roofline trims head room to make 6-footers squeeze in, especially with the panoramic glass roof.


--DocBreak--
Arjun Singh (58), the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Lok Sabha member from Barrackpore constituency in West Bengal's North 24 Parganas district, alleged on Friday that bombs were hurled at his house as well as an adjacent temple the previous night.
 Singh lives in the district's Bhatpara area.
 The incident occurred two days after West Bengal Police registered a case against Singh for his September 1 tweet in which he had alleged that arson led to the destruction of an idol at a temple in another district in Bengal.
 However, the police released a letter written by the priest and caretaker of the shrine who stated that the idol caught fire accidentally from an oil lamp and there was no communal violence angle as alleged by Singh.
   
   
 "Legal action is being taken. Please don't get carried away by misleading, provocative and mischievous post," the West Bengal Police tweeted while attaching a screenshot of Singh's post.
 On Friday, Singh released on social media a video purportedly showing two bombs going off near his home and on top of a roadside temple, emitting a lot of smoke.
 "The temple was not damaged and nobody was injured. The goons are backed by the Trinamool Congress (TMC)," said Singh.
 Barrackpore police commissioner Manoj Verma was not available for comment.
 "We are looking into the allegation that Singh has made," an officer of the local police station said on condition of anonymity.
 On August 19, the police had searched Singh's residence in connection with financial irregularities to the tune of Rs 11 crore involving the Bhatpara municipality and a local cooperative bank.
 Singh was the chairman of the Bhatpara municipality from 2010 to 2019 and also headed the bank's board when the alleged scam took place. He had left the TMC and joined the BJP in March 2019.
 Singh, who was present at home during the search operation, alleged that he was being targeted by the ruling TMC.
 Considered to be a heavyweight leader, Singh was a four-time legislator of the TMC from Bhatpara before he joined the BJP and defeated TMC's sitting Barrackpore Member of Parliament (MP) Dinesh Trivedi in the last parliamentary election.
 The election was marked by violence which continues intermittently on Singh's home turf.
 Singh's son and brother-in-law are also sitting BJP legislators in the Bengal assembly.


--DocBreak--
The Ultimate Guide to a Tech-Supported Home - Flux Magazine


--DocBreak--
La Escuela de Sostenibilidad continuará esta temporada ofreciendo charlas, talleres o visitas guiadas, pero ahora será necesaria una inscripción previa y los aforos se limitarán según la normativa vigente en cada momento. Para favorecer la accesibilidad, algunas actividades serán grabadas y emitidas en directo a través de internet. Además, algunas de las propuestas se realizarán en espacios exteriores, que ofrecen características más favorables para evitar la propagación del virus.


--DocBreak--
Talims in Maharashtra gather dust as wrestlers wait for state nod to restart contact sports


--DocBreak--
Pretty Little Liars reboot with 'new story and new characters' in the works from Riverdale showrunner Aguirre-Sacasa


--DocBreak--
Rapid pace of rise in ecommerce is a key factor underpinning the generation of opportunities in the cargo security seals market. Rise in logistics and transportation in urbanized regions of the world has intensified the need for security seals. The market is also seeing new avenues on the back of technology integration, where real-time tracking is possible. In the face of cargo thefts and adulteration, brands focusing on the originality of products are looking for better solutions to earn customer trust. For instance, cargo containing medical and electronics need high-level security seals. The utilization of cargo security seals for heavy machinery such as mining equipment and oil drums has helped generate substantial avenues for providers of security seals solutions.


--DocBreak--
Carmen Tănase: Apariția virusului este un plan bine pus la punct, iar copiii sunt ținta!


--DocBreak--
“By changing to a heat seal laminate, Addo Food Group has been able to move to a complete PET solution, significantly boosting the recyclability of Tesco packs.”


--DocBreak--
Nearly four years after the Millbrae Community Center was destroyed in an arson fire, city officials took a pivotal step toward building a new hub for gathering and recreation.
 The Millbrae City Council unanimously agreed to award a $28.4 million contract to Blach Construction, which will lead the process of rebuilding a new community center at the site of its predecessor.
 The decision Tuesday, Aug. 25, sets the stage for a groundbreaking ceremony in a couple weeks — kicking off nearly two years of construction and leading to a projected grand opening in 2022.
 Mayor Reuben Holober expressed his enthusiasm for the project’s advancement after years of planning and deliberation.
 “A lot of hard work has gone into this and it is very exciting to be at this time to have an opportunity to move ahead and see a light at the end of the tunnel,” he said.
 Councilwoman Gina Papan agreed.
 “I firmly believe this a very, very important community building that will return synergy to our community and really bring people together,” she said.
 While working through the construction process, officials still must identify a financing plan for the new facility. Of the $28.4 million needed, $15 million has already been secured with a lingering $13.4 million still unaccounted for.
 City officials had hoped to take a loan out from the county government to help afford the project but, due to the financial hardship due to the pandemic, the terms of that offer changed.
 County Manager Mike Callagy said the $14 million loan offered to help finance the project may need to be delayed about two years, while officials assess the economic damage brought by the pandemic, said Millbrae City Manager Tom Williams.
 In lieu of the county’s contribution, Millbrae officials examined opportunities to take on roughly $10 million worth of debt with a loan from the city’s enterprise and development impact funds and pay that amount toward construction.
 For the enterprise funds, officials examined the opportunity to take about $6.4 million from the $11 million that otherwise would be paid toward the city’s investment portfolio.
 The development impact fees are those expected to be paid by builders planning large projects in Millbrae which will be due once the buildings are completed. The other roughly $3 million would be generated from selling city property.
 For his part, Williams defended the notion of constructing loans around the city’s finances and spending the money in a way that benefits the community.
 “This is a very sound strategy,” he said.
 Officials noted there is some uncertainty in the proposal, specifically around the idea of linking the loan terms to development income during a time when the economy is experiencing instability due to the pandemic.
 For her part, Papan said she believes constructing the community center will be a central piece of rebuilding the city’s local economy.
 “I do think this is going to be a big part of our economic recovery,” she said.
 Officials have scrambled for a strategy to pay for reconstruction for the facility since it was lost to an arson fire in 2016. A temporary center exists, but officials are hopeful to construct a permanent facility capable of accommodating an evolving and growing community.
 No final decision was made for the project financing, and the issue will be revisited at later meetings. For the time being though, officials expressed their enthusiasm over the project moving forward.
 “We are moving in a very, very exciting direction,” said Papan.
 austin@smdailyjournal.com
 (650) 344-5200 ext. 105


--DocBreak--
It laws get the green light


--DocBreak--
Three weeks after the humiliating loss to Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarterfinals, Barcelona is still mired in crisis and surrounded by uncertainty over the future of Lionel Messi.
 Will the Argentina forward leave? Will the rest of the squad be revamped as promised by the new coach? Will the embattled president resign?
 Barcelona still hasn't fully recovered from the 8-2 loss on Aug. 14, and there are few signs that the club is close to getting back on track a few weeks from the start of the new season.
 The club's focus now is on trying to get Messi to change his mind about leaving. The Argentine great last week told Barcelona he wanted to leave for free but the club told him he has to stay until his contract ends in June 2021.
 The sides are at an impasse and the club's future is on hold.
 President Josep Bartomeu and incoming coach Ronald Koeman said the team's restructuring project revolved around Messi. Convincing him to stay is key to helping lift the club out of one of its worst crises ever.
 But there was no agreement after Bartomeu met with Messi's father for the first time on Wednesday. Jorge Messi did not dismiss the possibility that his son may reconsider his decision, so there was hope within the club.
 No other meetings have been officially scheduled, though, and if Messi doesn't change his mind, a lengthy legal battle could ensue, further hurting Barcelona's restructuring process. The club will start its season against Villarreal in the Spanish league at the end of the month.
 It also remained unclear what would happen to the rest of the squad after "profound" changes to the first team were announced by Bartomeu and Koeman.
 Koeman said he wouldn't count on some key players anymore, including Ivan Rakitic, Arturo Vidal and Luis Suarez, a longtime Messi friend and possibly one of the reasons why he asked to leave. But so far only Rakitic has left to rejoin Sevilla, while the others continue to train normally along with the rest of the squad.
 Antoine Griezmann, who struggled in his first season since joining from Atletico Madrid, could end up with greater responsibility along with veterans Gerard Pique and Sergio Busquets -- if they also stay. Youngsters Ousmane Dembele, Ansu Fati, Riqui Puig and newly signed Francisco Trincao could end up having bigger roles as well.
 There is talk about Koeman wanting to bring in new players such as Lautaro Martinez, Memphis Depay and Georginio Wijnaldum, but their transfers could ultimately also depend on what happens to Messi. His departure could save a lot of salary money, but if it's a free transfer it could end up hurting the team's finances.
 Messi invoked a clause that allowed him to leave for free at the end of the season, but Barcelona said the clause expired in June. Messi's representatives claimed he could still leave because the season was pushed back by the coronavirus pandemic.
 Bartomeu has been under pressure recently and Messi has been an outspoken critic of some of the club's decisions during the season, its first without a title since 2007-08. The season included a coaching change and exchange of public accusations between players and some club directors. New elections have been called for next March, and Bartomeu offered to resign if he was the reason Messi wanted to lave.
 But so far no word from Messi on anything, and as he keeps quiet, Barcelona keeps reeling.


--DocBreak--
WATCH: Green light for plans to bring tuk-tuks to the streets of Gwent


--DocBreak--
NEW YORK — Pete Alonso hit a two-run homer leading off the 10th inning Thursday night, lifting the New York Mets to a come-from-behind, 9-7 win over the Yankees in the final Subway Series game of the season between the teams.
 The Mets came back from deficits of 4-0 and 7-4 at Citi Field to earn a split of the six-game season series, all of which was played over the last six days.
 J.D. Davis forced extra innings by homering off Yankees closer Aroldis Chapman one pitch after pinch-runner Billy Hamilton was thrown out trying to steal third base. Alonso then hit the second pitch he saw from Albert Abreu (0-1) well into the left-field seats for his first walk-off homer.
 Alonso raised his arms and looked towards the dugout as the Mets spilled out to celebrate a win on the afternoon they honored franchise icon Tom Seaver, whose death was announced Wednesday.
 Edwin Diaz (2-1) tossed two innings and faced only two batters in the 10th. Tyler Wade, who started the inning on second base as the automatic runner, was doubled up on DJ LeMahieu’s flyout to right.
 It was the third extra-inning game between the teams in the last four days. The Yankees swept Sunday’s doubleheader with a pair of eight-inning victories.
 The Mets paid tribute throughout the game to Seaver, who died Monday at the age of 75 due to complications from Lewy body dementia and the coronavirus. The scoreboard sported 1969 graphics and highlights of his career were aired on the DiamondVision.
 PIRATES 6, CUBS 2
 PITTSBURGH (AP) — First-time father Bryan Reynolds hit a three-run homer in his return from paternity leave to lead Pittsburgh past Chicago.
 Reynolds, who along with wife Blair welcomed son Reese on Monday, sent a drive off Alec Mills (3-3) into the seats in right field in the third inning to help Pittsburgh snap a four-game losing streak. Reynolds also doubled leading off the second and celebrated by pretending to rock a baby to sleep.
 Cole Tucker added two hits, including a flare to left field in the sixth off reliever Jason Adams to give Pittsburgh plenty of cushion and boost rookie JT Brubaker (1-0) to his first major league win. Brubaker navigated some traffic in five innings but avoided major damage, allowing one earned run on seven hits with a walk and five strikeouts.
 Kyle Schwarber, Victor Caratini and Jason Kipnis had two hits apiece for the Cubs, but the NL Central leaders ended a 5-5, 12-day trip with a thud. Mills gave up four runs in five innings as his ERA crept up to 5.50.
 BLUE JAYS 6, RED SOX 2, 10
 BOSTON (AP) — Teoscar Hernández hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the 10th inning after breaking up Boston’s no-hit bid with a leadoff single in the seventh, and Toronto rallied past the Red Sox.
 Toronto opened the five-game series at Fenway Park with its seventh win in 10 games. Boston has lost four straight and seven of 10.
 Hernández launched an 0-1 changeup from Phillips Valdez into the Boston bullpen in right field. With Derek Fisher on second base to open the 10th, Valdez (1-1) walked leadoff hitter Cavan Biggio and Randal Grichuk grounded out, bringing up Hernández.
 Lourdes Gurriel Jr. added a two-out solo homer to cap Toronto’s four-run 10th.
 Blue Jays reliever Rafael Dolis (2-1) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings to earn the win.
 PHILLIES 6, NATIONALS 5, 10 INNINGS
 PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Alec Bohm hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th inning and Philadelphia beat Washington to complete a four-game sweep.
 The Phillies have won nine of 10 to improve to three games over .500. The defending World Series champion Nationals have lost six straight and nine of 10 to fall to 12-23.
 Trea Turner hit an inside-the-park homer and Michael Taylor went deep for Washington.
 Didi Gregorius sacrificed J.T. Realmuto to third to start the bottom of the 10th inning against Sean Doolittle (0-2). After Jean Segura was intentionally walked, he took second base on defensive indifference. Pinch-hitter Phil Gosselin was then intentionally walked to load the bases. Bohm hit a shallow fly to center field, with Realmuto sliding home well ahead of Victor Robles’ throw.
 Blake Parker (3-0) pitched out of a bases-loaded jam in the 10th for the win.
 The Phillies retired Dick Allen’s No. 15 in a ceremony before the game. The 78-year-old Allen was a seven-time All-Star, 1964 National League Rookie of the year and 1972 American League MVP.
 DODGERS 5, DIAMONDBACKS 1
 LOS ANGELES (AP) — Clayton Kershaw reached two career strikeout milestones and held Arizona hitless into the sixth inning Thursday night, leading the Dodgers past the Diamondbacks for their fifth straight victory.
 While racking up eight strikeouts over six scoreless innings, Kershaw (5-1) became the 39th pitcher in major league history with 2,500 strikeouts when he fanned Nick Ahmed in the second. The left-hander then caught and passed Christy Mathewson (2,502) for 38th place on baseball’s career list by getting Carson Kelly and Tim Locastro in the third.
 AJ Pollock had a pinch-hit homer and Mookie Betts added an RBI single in the seventh for the major league-leading Dodgers (29-10), who have won 18 of 21. Corey Seager had three hits for Los Angeles, which has also won 10 straight at Dodger Stadium after sweeping Arizona.
 ASTROS 8, RANGERS 4
 HOUSTON (AP) — Aledmys Díaz hit a three-run homer and Michael Brantley added three RBIs, leading Zack Greinke and Houston over Texas.
 Greinke (3-0) struck out a season-high nine in six innings, allowing three runs and six hits. The 36-year-old Greinke leads the majors in career starts among active pitchers with 455, one more than teammate Justin Verlander.
 Texas starter Lance Lynn (4-2) hadn’t given up more than three earned runs in a game this season but was tagged for four runs in the first inning on an RBI single by Brantley and the homer by Díaz.
 It was 5-3 in the sixth when Martín Maldonado connected off Lynn for an opposite field solo shot to the first row of the seats in right. Shin-Soo Choo hit a solo homer and Nick Solak tied a career high with three hits for Texas. The Rangers dropped their sixth straight series.
 ANGELS 2, PADRES 0
 ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Andrew Heaney allowed only three hits over seven innings and Los Angeles beat San Diego, spoiling Mike Clevinger’s debut with the Padres.
 With most of the attention focused on Clevinger, who was acquired in a multiplayer deal with Cleveland before Monday’s trade deadline, it was Heaney (3-2) who ended up pitching a gem. The right-hander struck out six and walked two while throwing a career-high 117 pitches.
 Mike Mayers and Felix Peña each worked a scoreless inning in handing the Padres their second shutout this season. San Diego had won 12 of its last 15 and entered the day leading the majors in runs. It was Peña’s second career save and his first since 2016.
 Clevinger (1-2) didn’t have a sharp outing against the Angels, who drafted him in 2011 before trading him to the Indians three years later. Clevinger didn’t retire the Angels in order until the sixth and allowed the leadoff batter aboard in each of the first four innings.
 WHITE SOX 11, ROYALS 6
 KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Luis Robert’s 458-foot home run capped a second five- run inning of the night for Chicago against Kansas City.
 Edwin Encarnacion and Tim Anderson also homered for Chicago. The White Sox pulled within a half-game of Cleveland for the lead in the American League Central.
 Dylan Cease (5-2) picked up the win. He allowed three runs on four hits in five-plus innings. Cease only had one 1-2-3 inning, but he kept the Royals at bay. Danny Duffy (2-3) took the loss.


--DocBreak--
Sophie takes the cockpit! Beaming Countess of Wessex sits on board a helicopter during visit to Thames Valley Air Ambulance


--DocBreak--
Ziyambi under fire over truant ministers


--DocBreak--
In July, the EU foreign affairs chief, Josep Borrell, tweeted: “Recent developments in Zimbabwe are deeply worrying. The work of human rights defenders, journalists, and civil society organisations is essential to support reforms that stand the test of time. Upholding constitutional rights is a principle which cannot be compromised.”


--DocBreak--
PRESSURE IS ON: Milwaukee. The Bucks are only 7-8 so far in the bubble. Granted, some of those games were meaningless since the Bucks had the No. 1 seed in the East wrapped up. But they have yet to look like the team that was an NBA title favorite before the season was interrupted. It’s now or never time for the Bucks, who are 1-4 against Miami this season and 59-16 against the rest of the league.


--DocBreak--
X-Backend-State: Backend up and running


--DocBreak--
Dear Abby: Man's affair with neighbor reaches a moment of truth


--DocBreak--
Before Wang joined GOT7, he was a fencer, earning himself a scholarship to Stanford University. However, he decided to turn it down to pursue a career in music and eventually joined GOT7 in 2014. As a group, they have released four studio albums and 14 EPs, and sold out major arenas in Asia and North America. In 2017, he began to focus on his solo career—beginning with his first hit single "Papillon"—and has continued to achieve success with songs, becoming the fastest Chinese artist to reach 10 million views on VEVO.
 photos
 Musicians Performing Live on Stage
 Fast forward to 2020 and Wang continues to make history as a solo artist—though he humbly admits that he is still learning. He told E! News, "I started as an athlete, a fencer and then I decided to go abroad to become a trainee, and then be in a group and in the middle, pursue my solo career. Along the process, every time, I get to learn more and more about myself and what I want and the vision is knowing yourself is very important, knowing what you love and what you believe and what you're passionate about and start making plans right away."


--DocBreak--
Saved By The Bell star Mark-Paul Gosselaar admits rewatching episodes of the hit sitcom for his new podcast can feel a 'bit torturous every week'


--DocBreak--
Glenmuir is still in full swing - bunkered.co.uk


--DocBreak--
Researchstore.biz is a fully dedicated global market research agency providing thorough quantitative and qualitative analysis of extensive market research.Our corporate is identified by recognition and enthusiasm for what it offers, which unites its staff across the world.We are desired market researchers proving a reliable source of extensive market analysis on which readers can rely on. Our research team consist of some of the best market researchers, sector and analysis executives in the nation, because of which Researchstore.biz is considered as one of the most vigorous market research enterprises. Researchstore.biz finds perfect solutions according to the requirements of research with considerations of content and methods. Unique and out of the box technologies, techniques and solutions are implemented all through the research reports.


--DocBreak--
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi in July mandated mask wearing on the House floor after Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert -- who was often in the chamber interacting with colleagues and refusing to wear a face-covering -- contracted the virus.


--DocBreak--
Mr Johnson had a "low concentration" of ketamine in his blood, and three prescribed drugs for his depression and anxiety, according to a toxicology report.
 He had 70mg of alcohol per 100 millilitres of blood in his system.
 Mr Johnson had suffered from depression and anxiety, and also had epilepsy.
 He went to his GP in 2014 with "low moods" and was referred to mental health services, who diagnosed him with a mixed personality disorder and discharged him. His mum tried to get him further support.


--DocBreak--
Take a bow: Mercedes calls it quits with S-Class Coupe and S-Class...


--DocBreak--
Google Maps will get a dark mode setting, according to the code, which will offer three options to choose from: default to device theme, Dark theme, and Light Theme. This will give you the option to manually set the theme, or let the system turn it on and off automatically, as it happens with other apps.


--DocBreak--
Home  / Pune News / Talims in Maharashtra gather dust as wrestlers wait for state nod to restart contact sports


--DocBreak--
"articleBody" : "The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Sept. 4 it is unlikely that there will be mass vaccination against the novel coronavirus before the middle of the next year. Margaret Harris, a spokeswoman for the WHO, answered questions at a twice-weekly U.N. briefing in Geneva about expectations for a novel coronavirus vaccine timeline. "In terms of realistic timelines, we're really not expecting to see widespread vaccination until the middle of next year," said Harris. She said that there are a considerable number of candidates now that have entered phase three vaccine trials where the WHO knows of at least six to nine that have got quite a long way with the research already. "The phase three trials is when you compare, you'd have a large group of people and half get the vaccine, half get a placebo, or a different known vaccine, such as the meningitis vaccine. "Then you essentially have to follow those people and see if there's a difference in those groups," she said. The difference between the measurements would be checked for the two groups from those who receive the vaccine and the one that does not. "We're looking at ideally 50% or more. That means that you know that when you give it to a large group, your research has indicated that 50% of them will be protected," said Harris. "The lower limit of that is 30%. But we want to see at least 50% protection with sort of variation around that." Harris said that the world is seeing many different vaccines, and there is a need to compare them "head to head" to see which one is offering the "best protection and the greatest safety levels as well." In a virtual news conference on Thursday, major global drug companies said no matter how urgently action is needed against the novel coronavirus, they will not cut corners and rush a vaccine. The chief executive officers (CEOs) of Eli Lilly, Gilead, Pfizer, Roche, and Merck (MSD) spoke at the conference hosted by the Swiss-based International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA). Harris was asked Friday by one journalist what the WHO thought of the notion that the US might rush through a vaccine before the November presidential election. "Our work is to get all countries to work together and get all the information and do our utmost to coordinate and ensure that all the information coming in is used to ensure we get the very best for the global public good," said the WHO spokeswoman. ",


--DocBreak--
Three weeks after the humiliating loss to Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarterfinals, Barcelona is still mired in crisis and surrounded by uncertainty over the future of Lionel Messi.Will the Argentina forward leave? Will the rest of the squad be revamped as promised by the new coach? Will the embattled president resign?Barcelona still hasn't fully recovered from the 8-2 loss on Aug. 14, and there are few signs that the club is close to getting back on track a few weeks from the start of the new season.The club's focus now is on trying to get Messi to change his mind about leaving. The Argentine great last week told Barcelona he wanted to leave for free but the club told him he has to stay until his contract ends in June 2021.The sides are at an impasse and the club's future is on hold.President Josep Bartomeu and incoming coach Ronald Koeman said the team's restructuring project revolved around Messi. Convincing him to stay is key to helping lift the club out of one of its worst crises ever.But there was no agreement after Bartomeu met with Messi's father for the first time on Wednesday. Jorge Messi did not dismiss the possibility that his son may reconsider his decision, so there was hope within the club.No other meetings have been officially scheduled, though, and if Messi doesn't change his mind, a lengthy legal battle could ensue, further hurting Barcelona's restructuring process. The club will start its season against Villarreal in the Spanish league at the end of the month.It also remained unclear what would happen to the rest of the squad after "profound" changes to the first team were announced by Bartomeu and Koeman.Koeman said he wouldn't count on some key players anymore, including Ivan Rakitic, Arturo Vidal and Luis Suarez, a longtime Messi friend and possibly one of the reasons why he asked to leave. But so far only Rakitic has left to rejoin Sevilla, while the others continue to train normally along with the rest of the squad.Antoine Griezmann, who struggled in his first season since joining from Atletico Madrid, could end up with greater responsibility along with veterans Gerard Pique and Sergio Busquets -- if they also stay. Youngsters Ousmane Dembele, Ansu Fati, Riqui Puig and newly signed Francisco Trincao could end up having bigger roles as well.There is talk about Koeman wanting to bring in new players such as Lautaro Martinez, Memphis Depay and Georginio Wijnaldum, but their transfers could ultimately also depend on what happens to Messi. His departure could save a lot of salary money, but if it's a free transfer it could end up hurting the team's finances.Messi invoked a clause that allowed him to leave for free at the end of the season, but Barcelona said the clause expired in June. Messi's representatives claimed he could still leave because the season was pushed back by the coronavirus pandemic.Bartomeu has been under pressure recently and Messi has been an outspoken critic of some of the club's decisions during the season, its first without a title since 2007-08. The season included a coaching change and exchange of public accusations between players and some club directors. New elections have been called for next March, and Bartomeu offered to resign if he was the reason Messi wanted to lave.But so far no word from Messi on anything, and as he keeps quiet, Barcelona keeps reeling.


--DocBreak--
He could suffocate in the bag,'' a concerned woman said, while another commented: ''The child is wrapped in a winter jacket. He is all wet.''
 According to reports, the temperature was 30С (86 F) at the moment of the incident.
 The officers reportedly put the baby in the back seat of their car and called an ambulance.
 The child was taken to hospital and is now under constant medical monitoring, say local media.


--DocBreak--
Consequently, you should consider the information in light of your objectives, financial situation and needs. CMC Markets Asia Pacific Pty Ltd ABN 11 100 058 213, AFSL No. 238054 (the derivative product issuer), CMC Markets Stockbroking Limited, Participant of the ASX Group (Australian Securities Exchange) and SSX (Sydney Stock Exchange) and Chi-X (Chi-X Australia), ABN 69 081 002 851, AFSL No. 246381 (the stockbroking services provider) provides the financial products and/or services. It's important for you to consider the relevant Product Disclosure Statement ('PDS') and any other relevant CMC Markets Documents before you decide whether or not to acquire any of the financial products. Our Financial Services Guide contains details of our fees and charges. All of these documents are available at cmcmarkets.com.au or you can call us on 1300 303 888.


--DocBreak--
Kim Kardashian shows off her pearly whites as she documents trip to the dentist


--DocBreak--
I intend, of course, to support Ed fully in his immense task but, like a number of other contributors to _Liberal Democrat Voice,_ I have my concerns having watched his acceptance speech. I felt that Caron Lindsay’s posting on Sunday hit the nail on the head. A new leader’s acceptance speech is a huge opportunity to make his or her political position and agenda clear in a few pithy well prepared sentences. It will always be carried by the news media. Ed missed the opportunity and his speech was extremely trite and mundane.


--DocBreak--
Africa: UNECA Urges China to Participate in G20 Debt Service Suspension Initiative for Africa


--DocBreak--
The report scrutinizes different business approaches and frameworks that pave the way for success in businesses. The report used expert techniques for analyzing the Linear Motor Market; it also offers an examination of the global market. To make the report more potent and easy to understand, it consists of infographics and diagrams. Furthermore, it has different policies and development plans which are presented in summary. It analyzes the technical barriers, other issues, and cost-effectiveness affecting the market.


--DocBreak--
“The attitude of a patrol officer can make or break a victim wanting to go forward in reporting that complaint,” King said.


--DocBreak--
What to do when you're out and about on your holiday weekend.


--DocBreak--
TAGS   Klik Film  Bill & Ted Face The Music   Keanu Reeves  Alex Winter
 loading...


--DocBreak--
Labor Day Lift Off: When and where to watch hot air balloons in Colorado Springs this weekend


--DocBreak--
However, going round the country is part of being a party leader for two reasons. One is to engage with the members and inspire our activists; the current crisis has highlighted the need for personal contact. The other is to engage with voters whether or not he agrees with them and engage in a strong but friendly manner; aggressively opposing their views, face to face or from Whitehall, however well that is explained, will turn people off.  


--DocBreak--
Zimbabwean English Names Make Diasporans Laughing Stock


--DocBreak--
“Our findings suggest that the reliance on antibody responses may underestimate the extent of population-level immunity against SARS-CoV-2,” Buggert says. “The obvious next step is to determine whether robust memory T cell responses in the absence of detectable antibodies can protect against COVID-19 in the long term.”


--DocBreak--
To date, there is limited evidence of reinfection in humans with previously documented COVID-19… Most studies of immune protection against SARS-CoV-2 in humans have focused on the induction of neutralizing antibodies. But antibody responses tend to wane and are not detectable in all patients, especially those with less severe forms of COVID-19. “It will therefore be critical in light of the ongoing pandemic to determine if people with milder forms of COVID-19 develop robust immunity against SARS-CoV-2,” [the authors] commented.


--DocBreak--
Durante este periodo, las 30.600 visitas a la solucion de 'feedback' de BBVA para la contratacion del prestamo personal inmediato a traves de la aplicacion del banco supusieron la confirmacion de 1.900 contrataciones, al tiempo que las 2,6 millones de visitas que registro este producto sin que los interesados tuviesen en cuenta las opiniones de otros clientes culminaron en 43.700 contrataciones.


--DocBreak--
Mercedes reveals its new S-Class and the £78,000 luxury limo will be one of the first cars to offer hands-free driving on UK roads next year if laws get the green light


--DocBreak--
Deputy Inspector Michael King started Monday as commander of the NYPD's Special Victims Division, the same unit that put film producer Harvey Weinstein behind bars.


--DocBreak--
Around 40 per cent of COVID-19 patients lost antibodies post their recovery from the disease, revealed a survey by the Ahmedabad civic body covering 1,800 previously infected people in the city.The loss of antibodies makes people who have recovered from the disease susceptible to reinfection, said Dr Bhavin Solanki, medical officer of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), on Friday.The survey was conducted on 1,800 persons, who tested positive for coronavirus between March and July through antigen tests, said Dr Jay Sheth, associate professor of civic-run MET Medical College.Developing antibodies means a person contracted COVID-19, recovered and subsequently developed them against the viral disease."The survey has revealed that around 40 per cent of the recovered patients have lost antibodies, and antibodies disappear from several people in the long run after recovery," Solanki said.This suggests that people who have lost antibodies can contract COVID-19 again in the future, he said."Till a vaccine is made available in the market, we must take precautionary measures such as social distancing and wearing masks," Solanki said.Voicing a similar concern, Dr Sheth said, "Absence of antibodies in 40 per cent of recovered persons suggests that they can get reinfected. A detailed study is required to analyse this phenomenon." Epidemic expert Dr R K Patel called for a detailed research into the results of the civic survey."Coronavirus is a new subject for everyone. We still do not know how the virus behaves. It's a matter of research why antibodies disappear from recovered patients," said Dr Patel, director of U N Mehta Institute of Cardiology and Research Centre.The best defence against the viral infection is to practise social distancing and wear masks, Dr said.According to health experts, confirmed cases of reinfections have been reported in foreign countries.Ahmedabad district has so far recorded 32,013 COVID-19 cases and 1,741 deaths. (This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed.)Follow more stories on Facebook and Twitter


--DocBreak--
Silk Live-Action Marvel Series in the Works at Sony Pictures Television


--DocBreak--
Glenmuir is still in full swing


--DocBreak--
L'attaccante dell'Inter ha parlato della sua difficile esperienza allo United e dei motivi che lo hanno spinto a trasferirsi in nerazzurro la scorsa stagione.


--DocBreak--
Viewpoint: EU's contradictory treatment of glyphosate and copper sulfate pesticides gives short shrift to science


--DocBreak--
It's sure nice to make a killing when a gem like Tesla rises seemingly to the moon, but you can't always find a diamond in the rough. Take advantage of what Robinhood has to offer by adding the above ETFs to your portfolio, and you'll minimize your risk through portfolio diversification. You can then have some financial stability as you set off to find the next million-dollar baby.


--DocBreak--
“COVAX is a ground-breaking global initiative which will include African countries and ensure they are not left at the back of the queue for COVID-19 vaccines,” said Dr Matshidiso Moeti, WHO Regional Director for Africa. “By reaching beyond the continent to work together with other governments and manufacturers on a global scale and pooling buying power, countries can protect the people most vulnerable to the disease in Africa.”


--DocBreak--
“I think that definitely played a part," Denver coach Michael Malone said. “Their last game was Sunday. We had our last game on Tuesday night and didn’t get back to the hotel until after midnight. … We were tired. Tomorrow we will get them as much as rest as we can and have a more energetic performance Saturday night.”


--DocBreak--
They say, 'Being a teacher is the highest privilege and having one is the best blessing'. Teachers hold a special place in everyone's lives - be it a teacher in life or in school. Due to the pandemic, this Teacher's Day, students are away from school, their friends and their teachers, missing the everyday hustle and interaction with them. This Teacher's Day, we talk to celebrities about their kids, who are missing school, their teachers and their take on the new norm of online sessions in this pandemic. Rakshandha Khan with her daughter Enaya Rakshandha Khan Enaya loves school because she's in a Montessori and they are pretty much allowed to choose what they do in class. I think that's the one thing she truly misses, apart from the fact that the teachers physical presence makes all the difference. It's tough enough physically managing so many kids but doing it over the net is way tougher. Full marks to teachers for making that happen. I see them work so hard to make every class interactive, keep the interest of the kids piqued but at the same time manage discipline.Iqbal Khan with his daughter Ammaara.Iqbal Khan What my daughter, Ammaara, misses the most about her school, is her friends and her class teachers, as she has very nice teachers (that's what she says). There is no comparison with the normal functioning of school and that of online classes but in her school, the teachers do lots of interactive stuff with the kids. Hats off to these teachers who at this moment are handling home and teaching together.Juhi Parmar with her daughter Samairra.Juhi ParmarSamairra definitely misses meeting her friends, teachers and school. Nothing can compare meeting them personally and learning in school. Though she is managing well with online classes but she has often mentioned that she is looking forward to going back to school. Deepika Singh with her son SohamDeepika SinghMy son, Soham, has always been extremely fond of his school and friends and he misses them a lot since the lockdown. Online classes aren't the same as meeting teachers and friends. At times, he does get annoyed and wants to go to school. I have tried to explain but at the end of it, he's a kid, who would love to have fun in school. This pandemic has definitely created a void for him but I must salute all school teachers, who are keeping their students occupied diligently and working hard.


--DocBreak--
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!


--DocBreak--
Abrams agrego que "Me parece que Maria Corina esta pidiendo un 'plan B' magico que va a resolver todos los problemas de Venezuela. ¿Y quien va a hacer la solucion? Los extranjeros que intervienen. No creo que esa sea una respuesta sensata a los problemas que enfrenta Venezuela, ni a la necesidad de que la oposicion este unida".


--DocBreak--
She also wrote about George Floyd's death on her website. We all witnessed his murder in broad daylight. We're broken and we're disgusted. We cannot normalize this behavior," she stated. "No more senseless killings of human beings, no more seeing people of color as less than human. We can no longer look away."


--DocBreak--
Property's all over the place (homepage, searches etc - HOM-133


--DocBreak--
Johnson, however, is playing as well as anyone, and he's arguably the biggest talent in the game. He has had the 54-hole lead in his last three tournaments, winning at the TPC Boston and finishing runner-up in the PGA Championship and BMW Championship. Imagine if he gets it going at East Lake while staked to a two-shot lead.


--DocBreak--
Sowing of kharif (summer) crops touched a new record at 1,095.38 lakh hectare so far in the current season on the back of good rains and timely pre- positioning of crop inputs, according to the agriculture ministry.
 Sowing of rice still continues while sowing of pulses, coarse cereals, millets and oilseeds is almost over. The final sowing figures for the current kharif season will be closed on October 2, it said.
 The previous record was achieved in 2016 when farmers had sown kharif crops in a total area of 1,075.71 lakh hectare. Kharif sowing begins with the onset of southwest monsoon from June and harvesting from October onwards.


--DocBreak--
A visually and technically enhanced version of the game will be available for purchase for PC and next-gen consoles & as a free update for owners of the game on PC, @Xbox One and @PlayStation 4.  


--DocBreak--
Il Parco spiega che «Sono stati individuati con il controllo delle immagini registrate dalle telecamere di sorveglianza che dall’Ente Parco controlla ogni giorno. Le immagini sono state subito girate all’Ufficio Locamare di Capraia che, con un’indagine accurata è riuscito a trovare i due kayakisti. I due signori in vacanza a Capraia hanno ammesso di essere entrati nella grotta della foca. Il Maresciallo Antonio Pannone responsabile della Locamare di Capraia ha provveduto ad elevare processo verbale per transito in zona vietata».


--DocBreak--
Please Subscribe to get access to one of our early bird packs.


--DocBreak--
drink into that. No can do came back the official word.


--DocBreak--
Erica Kious, owner of eSalon, on Monday released a video of Pelosi walking around her business bare-faced, sparking charges of hypocrisy in light of the lawmaker’s frequent calls to take the coronavirus pandemic seriously.


--DocBreak--
Green light for plans to bring tuk-tuks to Monmouthshire | South Wales Argus


--DocBreak--
"It's something we definitely have to bear in mind."


--DocBreak--
Arjun Singh (58), the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Lok Sabha member from Barrackpore constituency in West Bengal's North 24 Parganas district, alleged on Friday that bombs were hurled at his house as well as an adjacent temple the previous night.Singh lives in the district's Bhatpara area.The incident occurred two days after West Bengal Police registered a case against Singh for his September 1 tweet in which he had alleged that arson led to the destruction of an idol at a temple in another district in Bengal.However, the police released a letter written by the priest and caretaker of the shrine who stated that the idol caught fire accidentally from an oil lamp and there was no communal violence angle as alleged by Singh."Legal action is being taken. Please don't get carried away by misleading, provocative and mischievous post," the West Bengal Police tweeted while attaching a screenshot of Singh's post.On Friday, Singh released on social media a video purportedly showing two bombs going off near his home and on top of a roadside temple, emitting a lot of smoke."The temple was not damaged and nobody was injured. The goons are backed by the Trinamool Congress (TMC)," said Singh.Barrackpore police commissioner Manoj Verma was not available for comment."We are looking into the allegation that Singh has made," an officer of the local police station said on condition of anonymity.On August 19, the police had searched Singh's residence in connection with financial irregularities to the tune of Rs 11 crore involving the Bhatpara municipality and a local cooperative bank.Singh was the chairman of the Bhatpara municipality from 2010 to 2019 and also headed the bank's board when the alleged scam took place. He had left the TMC and joined the BJP in March 2019.Singh, who was present at home during the search operation, alleged that he was being targeted by the ruling TMC.Considered to be a heavyweight leader, Singh was a four-time legislator of the TMC from Bhatpara before he joined the BJP and defeated TMC's sitting Barrackpore Member of Parliament (MP) Dinesh Trivedi in the last parliamentary election.The election was marked by violence which continues intermittently on Singh's home turf.Singh's son and brother-in-law are also sitting BJP legislators in the Bengal assembly.


--DocBreak--
D-DAY: Make or break in NRM Primaries


--DocBreak--
This means an adult human could stand on the back of this shark and would be about the same height as the dorsal fin.


--DocBreak--
For Crying Out Loud


--DocBreak--
Prairie Oaks Metro Park is one of Mary Saup's favorite places to go on walks with her pitbull, Lucy, and it's conveniently close to her home in Hilliard.
   
 For the past 12 years, the park has hosted WAG! Fest, an August event bringing pet owners and their dogs together to enjoy everything from a variety of vendors to treat samples to a dog beach for canines to enjoy. Last year the event attracted more than 18,000 people, said Mike Poleway, WAG! Fest event producer for Event Marketing Group.
   
 Saup and Lucy have been to the festival for the past three years, and they will be back at the park again this year though not for WAG! Fest, which was canceled in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic.
   
 This time, the pair will take a hike on one of trails at Prairie Oaks as a part of WAG! Wilderness Walk over Labor Day weekend.
   
 The self-guided hiking event from Sept. 5-7 is a scaled-down, more individualized event being held in place of the festival. During that weekend, participants are invited to walk with their dog on any of the pet-designated trails across the 19 Columbus-area metro parks -- minus the vendors and other attractions.
   
 Registration will be open through Sept. 7 and costs $28 per individual or family (participants can register or get more information at wagfest.com). All proceeds will be donated to Columbus Humane's Pet Food Assistance Program, which helps provide pet food and other supplies to homes in need.
   
 Though WAG! Fest historically hasn't been a fundraising event that benefits one specific organization, Poleway saw the wilderness walk as an opportunity to help those affected by the pandemic.
   
 "We realized that the impact of the pandemic is beyond limiting mass gatherings, and that there are many pet parents in our community who have been affected by COVID-19," Poleway said. "For people who have lost their jobs, suffered financial strain or have gotten sick during the pandemic, the need for assistance with pet food and supplies has escalated, and it's becoming more difficult for some central Ohio residents to feed their pets."
   
 Though the Pet Food Assistance Program receives donations from community members and partners such as the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, the need for pet food and supplies has increased over the past few months.
   
 Since April, Rachel Finney, CEO of Columbus Humane, said that it has distributed food to almost 9,000 animals in more than 2,000 households, compared to about 20 to 30 households per month before the pandemic.
   
 "The primary focus is to make sure people can keep the pets that they love," Finney said.
   
 Saup said she hadn't really considered that such a need existed, but believes it's a worthy cause and has registered for the walk over Labor Day weekend.
   
 "The thought that people couldn't afford to feed their dogs hadn't occurred to me," Saup said. "I just thought that was such a wonderful way to help others in the community. I think people get a lot of comfort from their pets, particularly in a time like this when people are isolated."
   
 WAG! Fest is expected to return in 2021. In the meantime, Poleway hopes that dog owners will take this opportunity to spend some time outdoors with their pets while supporting other owners.
   
 "We realize the world may be a little different right now, but one thing hasn't changed, and that's our love for dogs," Poleway said. "Although we're not gathering together, we hope that the WAG! Fest community will join our efforts to celebrate central Ohio dogs in need by participating in the Wilderness Walk."
   
 mfenter@dispatch.com
   
 @maya_with_a_y


--DocBreak--
5paisa.com inducts ex-CTO of Flipkart Garikipati on board 


--DocBreak--
OnePlus 8 Series: Camera will make or break the much-anticipated smartphone series


--DocBreak--
Mercedes reveals its new S-Class and the £78,000 luxury car will be one of the first to offer hands-free driving on UK roads next year if laws get the green light


--DocBreak--
It is rare for members of NATO to require “de-confliction mechanisms” to avoid collisions or exchanges of fire. While often at loggerheads, the alliance has often urged Russia to continue to use military dialogue to avoid “incidents and accidents,” mostly between war planes or ships.


--DocBreak--
ally, Vasek Pospisil, and it all went horribly wrong (Pospisil is in cahoots


--DocBreak--
Simple Creatures, the band Hoppus shares with All Time Low vocalist Alex Gaskarth, are also working on new music in quarantine. Speaking to NME earlier this summer, Gaskarth said that the pair "won’t be [recording] in person but we're sending ideas back and forth and we're always talking about what the next steps are for Simple Creatures. It's in the works."


--DocBreak--
Joe Biden seeks to soothe city on edge after speaking with Jacob Blake


--DocBreak--
The impact of the coronavirus behind the scenes at Rotten Tomatoes


--DocBreak--
Il Presidente Luciano ha aggiunto a tutto il rilievo di questo ambito nazionale al fine el c


--DocBreak--
Thomas knows how that works. He was the No. 1 seed a year ago, opened with a 70 and was in a three-way tie for the lead after one day. The rest of the week didn't go much better. But while he witnessed McIlroy winning from five shots behind at the start, a 10-shot deficit looks feasible only on paper.


--DocBreak--
In Black and White


--DocBreak--
Reinoehl also was wanted on a warrant out of Baker County in Eastern Oregon, where court records show he skipped a hearing related to a June case in which he has been charged with driving under the influence of controlled substances, reckless driving, reckless endangerment and unlawful possession of a firearm.


--DocBreak--
It’s not clear from the lawsuit what the woman had done to “appease” Heitstuman. The protective order filings from 2017 describe daily demands in text messages that she “talk dirty” to him and that she complied, because, she said in the filings, she was scared of what he might do to her or her family.


--DocBreak--
app announced by Microsoft during Build 2020. As the name implies, the app allows teams to create lists for tracking information across various projects and workloads, offering a combination of ready-made templates as well as custom lists that can be built from scratch, either from Excel tables or other sources, such as SharePoint. Lists data is stored in the SharePoint Online team site.


--DocBreak--
Africa: Uneca Launches Price Watch Centre for Africa


--DocBreak--
Iceland Foods Limited 2020 - Understand the Potential COVID-19 Impact on Iceland's Q4 20 and FY 21 LFL Sales Growth and Broader Financial Performance


--DocBreak--
_Luke Hollman drives the ball for North Middlesex in the Middlesex County Premier Division (pic: George Phillipou/TGS Photo)._
 Middlesex suffered a three-wicket defeat to Sussex in their latest clash on Tuesday, but the positive note was 19-year-old Hollman who impressed by picking up two wickets.
 He received huge praise from captain and former England star Steven Finn for his performance.
 “Luke (Hollman) is an exciting young player who has been doing very well in league cricket,” Finn said.
 “He’d have been nervous coming here to play T20 against a very good Sussex team, so for him to take a couple of wickets is a big confidence booster for everyone.”
 Hollman (2-33) claimed the scalps of Delray Rawlins and Ravi Bopara – who won the Double with Essex in 2019 – and proved to be a huge loss for North Middlesex as they suffered a seven-wicket defeat to title challenging Ealing at the weekend.


--DocBreak--
Green light for plans to bring tuk-tuks to Monmouthshire


--DocBreak--
Favorisce l’inserimento dei giovani nel lavoro. Infatti, prevede uno sgravio sui contributi annui da versare, pari al 50% fino a 3.000 €, in favore delle imprese che assumono con un contratto a tempo indeterminato dei giovani.


--DocBreak--
LACEY, Wash. — A man suspected of fatally shooting a supporter of a right-wing group in Portland, Oregon, last week after a caravan of Donald Trump backers rode through downtown was killed Thursday as investigators moved in to arrest him, the U.S. Marshals Service said Friday.
 The man, Michael Forest Reinoehl, 48, was killed as a federal task force attempted to apprehend him in Lacey, Washington, about 120 miles (193 kilometers) north of Portland. Reinoehl was the prime suspect in the killing of 39-year-old Aaron “Jay” Danielson, who was shot in the chest Saturday night, a senior Justice Department official told The Associated Press.
 Federal agents from the FBI and the U.S. Marshals Service had located Reinoehl on Thursday after a warrant was issued for his arrest. During the encounter, Reinoehl was shot by a law enforcement officer who was working on the federal task force, the official said. The official could not discuss the matter publicly and spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity.
 The official said Reinoehl had pulled a gun during the encounter. The U.S. Marshals Service said initial reports indicate the suspect produced a firearm.
 The U.S. Marshals Service fugitive task forces, comprised of deputy marshals, other federal agents and local law enforcement officers from a variety of agencies, are responsible for apprehending violent felons and other wanted suspects.
 Thurston County Sheriff’s Lt. Ray Brady said four members of the fugitive task force fired their weapons, including two Pierce County Sheriff’s deputies, an officer from the Lakewood Police Department and an officer from the Washington State Department of Corrections.
 Brady said investigators haven’t yet determined how many rounds were fired.
 The suspect was alone at the time of the shooting, Brady said, with no children or other people present.
 Brady said he doesn’t think the suspect lived at the address where he was shot, and it’s not clear what brought him to Lacey.
 “We don’t know that specifically yet,” Brady said. “I do not believe that was his residence.”
 Reinoehl had described himself in a social media post as “100% ANTIFA,” suggested the tactics of counter-protesters amounted to “warfare,” and had been shot at one protest and cited for having a gun at another.
 He had been been a regular presence at anti-racism demonstrations in Portland.
 Police on July 5 cited Reinoehl on allegations of possessing a loaded gun in a public place, resisting arrest and interfering with police.
 On July 26, Reinoehl was shot near his elbow after he got involved in a scuffle between an armed white man and a group of young people of color. The man who was carrying the gun, Aaron Scott Collins, told The Oregonian/OregonLive that he and a friend had just left a bar when they saw the group harassing an older Black man. His friend began filming them with a phone, and the group confronted them, calling them Nazis, he said.
 Reinoehl later that day spoke to an AP videographer. His arm was wrapped in a bloody bandage; he said he was on his way to meet protest medics so they could change it.
 He said he didn’t know what had started the altercation between Collins and the group, but that several people had decided to intervene when they saw Collins fighting with minors.
 “As soon as the adults jumped in, he pulled out a gun,” Reinoehl said. “I jumped in there and pulled the gun away from people’s heads, avoided being shot in the stomach and I got shot in the arm.”
 Reinoehl also was wanted on a warrant out of Baker County in Eastern Oregon, where court records show he skipped a hearing related to a June case in which he has been charged with driving under the influence of controlled substances, reckless driving, reckless endangerment and unlawful possession of a firearm.
 Police said he drove on an interstate at up to 111 mph (179 kph), with his daughter in the car, while racing his 17-year-old son, who was in a different vehicle.
 Protests have erupted daily in the Pacific Northwest city since the killing of George Floyd.
 With unruly demonstrations in Portland nearing the 100-day mark, Oregon Gov. Kate Brown and other Democratic leaders on Thursday called for an end to violence even as federal agents were continuing to arrest protesters who allegedly assaulted law enforcement officers.
 “The violence must stop,” Brown wrote. “There is no place for white supremacy or vigilantism in Oregon. All who perpetrate violent crimes must be held equally accountable.”
 The statement does not single out the small minority of left-wing protesters who have been setting fires, vandalizing buildings and throwing objects at police. But Brown’s spokesman, Charles Boyle, said it “is a collective call to action for an end to violence in Portland and affirms that those who commit violent acts must be held accountable.”
 Brown’s condemnation of violence was also signed by almost two-dozen state and local politicians, a host of organizations including the local NAACP chapter, and the city’s professional sports teams: the Trailblazers NBA team, the Timbers soccer team and the Thorns women’s soccer squad.
 Portland Police Chief Chuck Lovell has denounced protesters who broke windows and set a fire this week to a business in the upscale apartment building where Mayor Ted Wheeler lives. Protesters are angry that Wheeler has not stopped officers from using batons and tear gas against Black Lives Matter protesters. Wheeler now reportedly plans to move out of the building.
 As of a week ago, 74 people were facing federal charges for crimes allegedly committed during demonstrations in Portland since at least May 29, U.S. Attorney Billy Williams said.


--DocBreak--
Harj Hir, Head of Partnerships at Leicester City, said: “We are thrilled to welcome Syinix to Leicester City as an Official Partner. It’s great to have such an innovative brand on board, and we look forward to working with them over the next four seasons.”


--DocBreak--
The Legends Tour was launched at the European Tour’s headquarters at Wentworth Club, with former Ryder Cup Captains Darren Clarke, Mark James, Tom Lehman, Paul McGinley, Colin Montgomerie and Ian Woosnam along with 2005 U.S. Open Champion Michael Campbell and 1999 Open Champion Paul Lawrie named as the Tour’s first official ambassadors who will play a key role in outlining the Tour’s vision in the months to come.


--DocBreak--
It is apparent that filmmaker Shailender Vyas has taken inspiration from these headlines and created JL50, which is the name of a flight that takes off from Kolkata, only to disappear and then re-emerge 35 years later in a remote West Bengal village. The trouble? It has now crashed with all the passengers on board and the only survivors are a co-pilot (Ritika Anand) and a mystery man (Piyush Mishra). CBI is entrusted to investigate a two member team led by Abhay Deol (along with Rajesh Sharma) embark on the trails to get to the root of it all.


--DocBreak--
Flyvbjerg said he has been in touch on and off with the IOC and had sent a colleague to an IOC workshop. He said a major reason for the rising costs is that the IOC does not pay for them. He also cited rising security costs, and moving the games around the world. He calls this the “Eternal Beginner Syndrome” with new host cities starting basically from scratch.


--DocBreak--
Also unopposed is Anywar Ricky Richard (Agago West), Lapolo Mariea Shaka (Gulu city woman), Kenneth Ocen Obwat (Nwoya East), Gerald Nangoli (Elgon North), Emely Kugonza (Buyanja East), Bismark Bidondole Muhammad (Jinja East North), James Olobo (Kioga North), Awor Betty Engola (Apac woman), Benson Ogwang Echonga (Maruzi county), Chono Patrick Okello (Maruzi North), Jimmy Okello (Apac municipality), Sam Engola (Erute South), Acon Julius Bua (Otuke East), Ssozi Abas (Mukono municipality), and Robert Asiimwe (Kimanya Kabonerain Masaka City].


--DocBreak--
Robert Atzorn (75) wurde mit "Unser Lehrer Doktor Specht" zum Publikumsliebling, ermittelte als Kommissar im "Tatort" und in "Nord Nord Mord", bevor er sich 2017 von der Schauspielerei verabschiedete. Eine Rückkehr vor die Kamera kann er sich nicht vorstellen, wie Atzorn, der nun seine Autobiografie "Duschen und Zähneputzen - Was im Leben wirklich zählt" (Eden Books) veröffentlicht, im Interview mit spot on news erzählt: "Auf keinen Fall! Das mache ich nicht mehr. Lesungen und jetzt Auftritte zum Buch reichen mir völlig."


--DocBreak--
Messi has yet to speak publicly since the 8-2 loss to Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarterfinals, one of the worst in the player’s career and in the club’s history. The defeat capped a disappointing season for Barcelona, the first without a title since 2007-08.


--DocBreak--
A long-awaited EP from the band is also in the works, which Hoppus said last year would feature Lil Uzi Vert and Pharrell Williams, and said he hoped would be released "by the end of summer".


--DocBreak--
The World Health Organization (WHO) said on Sept. 4 it is unlikely that there will be mass vaccination against the novel coronavirus before the middle of the next year.      Margaret Harris, a spokeswoman for the WHO, answered questions at a twice- weekly U.N. briefing in Geneva about expectations for a novel coronavirus vaccine timeline.      "In terms of realistic timelines, we're really not expecting to see widespread vaccination until the middle of next year," said Harris.      She said that there are a considerable number of candidates now that have entered phase three vaccine trials where the WHO knows of at least six to nine that have got quite a long way with the research already.      "The phase three trials is when you compare, you'd have a large group of people and half get the vaccine, half get a placebo, or a different known vaccine, such as the meningitis vaccine.      "Then you essentially have to follow those people and see if there's a difference in those groups," she said.      The difference between the measurements would be checked for the two groups from those who receive the vaccine and the one that does not.      "We're looking at ideally 50% or more. That means that you know that when you give it to a large group, your research has indicated that 50% of them will be protected," said Harris.      "The lower limit of that is 30%. But we want to see at least 50% protection with sort of variation around that."      Harris said that the world is seeing many different vaccines, and there is a need to compare them "head to head" to see which one is offering the "best protection and the greatest safety levels as well."      In a virtual news conference on Thursday, major global drug companies said no matter how urgently action is needed against the novel coronavirus, they will not cut corners and rush a vaccine.      The chief executive officers (CEOs) of Eli Lilly, Gilead, Pfizer, Roche, and Merck (MSD) spoke at the conference hosted by the Swiss-based International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA).      Harris was asked Friday by one journalist what the WHO thought of the notion that the US might rush through a vaccine before the November presidential election.      "Our work is to get all countries to work together and get all the information and do our utmost to coordinate and ensure that all the information coming in is used to ensure we get the very best for the global public good," said the WHO spokeswoman.     


--DocBreak--
“We feel like we bailed them out,” Aliu said. “It wasn’t about them giving us a platform, we bailed them out. They asked us to do that for them. So, I think that’s important for people to know. Now when push comes to shove, you’re going to know who was honest and what was real and what was fake. tTat’s where we are now.”


--DocBreak--
It’s not just technology and burnout that hit differently on the album. Tracks such as ‘Golden Trunks’ and ‘American Sports’ reference politics with a feeling of existential dread that’s easily applicable to the upcoming U.S. election, while ‘Four Stars Out of Five’ and ‘Tranquility Base Hotel & Casino’ both feel unflinchingly lonely as their echoed vocals and hypnotic piano riffs allow us all to romanticise a time in the not-so-distant past when we could safely travel, go on dates and take it easy for a little while.


--DocBreak--
Jack Cooper said: "I have always been mad about sharks. As an undergraduate, I have worked and dived with Great whites in South Africa—protected by a steel cage of course. It's that sense of danger, but also that sharks are such beautiful and well-adapted animals, that makes them so attractive to study. Megalodon was actually the very animal that inspired me to pursue paleontology in the first place at just six years old, so I was over the moon to get a chance to study it. This was my dream project. But to study the whole animal is difficult considering that all we really have are lots of isolated teeth."


--DocBreak--
“There's no doubt this wasn't one of our better games,” Vigneault said. “At the end of the day we found a way to get the job done. We found way to come back in the third ad tie the game against a team that doesn't give up a lot of leads.”


--DocBreak--
BRUSSELS — Ongoing mismanagement and corruption mean it is “out of the question” that the European Union will resume aid directly to the government of Zimbabwe anytime soon, according to the bloc’s ambassador to the country.


--DocBreak--
Keep in mind that teams will have 16-player practice squads this year. That's good news for players like Jake Butt, Duke Dawson, Tyrie Cleveland, Derrek Tuszka, Juwann Winfree, Douglas Coleman and LeVante Bellamy, who didn't make the cut in this 53-man roster prediction.


--DocBreak--
All of these criticisms of the Polish bishops' document are spot on. Bishop Wróbel's explanations as to how the document does not endorse conversion therapy only serve to prove that the document does indeed support this harmful practice condemned worldwide by medical professionals, and, more importantly, by people who have suffered through such "treatments."


--DocBreak--
QPR to offer contract to ex-Tottenham Hotspur and Swansea City midfielder
 Ioannou spent time in Manchester United's youth academy after joining the club in 2006, making his way through their youth ranks before leaving to make a move to Cyprus in 2014.


--DocBreak--
Round the clock customer service


--DocBreak--
It comprises a clear tray and a compatible heat seal lidding film laminate with built-in reclose technology.


--DocBreak--
Vivemos a partir de hoje a Tertúlia Nativista não presencial e sim pelas redes sociais e YouTube. Acompanhe em casa e sempre memorize os artistas que vão se apresentar e o quanto promete esta nova geração artística. É a renovação e sabemos o quanto a Tertúlia Nativista abre portas para os talentos. Já que não tivemos nem um tipo de evento esse ano e temos esse agora de forma diferenciada, assim Santa Maria não perde seu espaço para prestigiar a comunidade e a região e não sendo presencial a propagação será maior pelas redes sociais. Sucesso e êxito a todos que se esforçaram para promover o evento e a parte artística também pelo sacrifício em poder estar presente. Venha a Santa Maria, o comércio está aberto das 9h às 17h e shoppings das 11h às 21h e a maior parte dos estabelecimentos do setor gastronômico das 7h às 22h e os restaurantes também todos os dias das 8h às 22h. ninguém é obrigado a abrir, vivemos em uma democracia e aos domingos as lojas dos shoppings estarão fechadas. Percebemos a riqueza que possuímos para que a Região Central venha nos visitar, o que não falta é hospedagem, bons restaurantes e o comércio com preços convidativos. Mas não deixe de zelar por sua saúde, com prevenção e todos os cuidados que as autoridades vêm sugerindo e como é saudável estarmos em setembro e a pandemia até o presente ter levado poucas pessoas em nossa cidade, só em homicídios talvez o número seja maior do que a pandemia levou. Mas vamos mentalizar sempre o positivismo e um final de semana prolongado seja de reflexão por cada um de nós pelo momento em que vivemos. Sabemos que vem pela frente o verão e os aposentados ou que não têm atividades na certa procuram o litoral para fazer a preparação para a temporada. Mas por aqui sempre tem um motivo especial para você visitar e aplaudir.


--DocBreak--
ATLANTA — Dustin Johnson is the No. 1 seed and starts with a two-shot lead at the Tour Championship, not nearly enough to tempt him into looking too far ahead at a FedEx Cup title that already has slipped away from him once before.
 “It's not like I've got a two-shot lead going into the final round,” Johnson said, who speaks from experience of once losing a six-shot lead in the final round of a World Golf Championship.
 “I'm still going to have to play some really good golf for four days if I want to be a FedEx Cup champion.”
 And then there are players like Billy Horschel and Mackenzie Hughes, who will be 10 shots behind Johnson before they even hit their opening drives at East Lake. They have to play their absolute best golf and get some help.
 “I know I'm going to have to do something special,” Horschel said.
 The strangest season in golf — no tournaments for three months because of the COVID-19 pandemic, only one major championship in the last 14 months — ends on Labor Day with the second year of a format that gives players a head start depending on how they played up to this point.
 Johnson, also the No. 1 player in the world, starts at 10-under par and is two shots ahead of Jon Rahm, who beat him last week at Olympia Fields with a 65-foot birdie putt.
 Rory McIlroy won last year from the No. 5 seed, meaning he started five behind. He posted an actual score of 13-under 267 and still needed the top two seeds — Justin Thomas and Patrick Cantlay — to falter. McIlroy was 10 shots better than Thomas, 22 shots better than Cantlay. That did the trick.
 Is it possible for someone to start 10 shots behind and still win the $15 million bonus?
 “It's going to happen one year," Marc Leishman said. “I just don't know if it'll be this year, next year or the year after. If the top three guys get off to a slow start ... 5 (under) could potentially be leading after one round."
 Thomas knows how that works. He was the No. 1 seed a year ago, opened with a 70 and was in a three-way tie for the lead after one day. The rest of the week didn't go much better. But while he witnessed McIlroy winning from five shots behind at the start, a 10-shot deficit looks feasible only on paper.
 "It would be one thing if they were 10 back of one person,” Thomas said. “But there's 25 people ahead of them, and that's the hard part. I think if you gave me even par and you gave ‘X’ player at 10-under par and it was just us two, I think I'd have a better chance of catching him."
 More likely, at least this year, is a scenario the PGA Tour has tried to avoid — a runaway with no drama.
 Nothing will be as bad as 2008 when the format allowed Vijay Singh to wrap it up no matter how he played at East Lake. He needed to stay upright for only four days, and the Fijian managed fine.
 Johnson, however, is playing as well as anyone, and he's arguably the biggest talent in the game. He has had the 54-hole lead in his last three tournaments, winning at the TPC Boston and finishing runner-up in the PGA Championship and BMW Championship. Imagine if he gets it going at East Lake while staked to a two-shot lead.
 Kevin Kisner still thinks the odds are a winner from the bottom of the pack is more likely to happen before someone from the top wins in a landslide.
 “DJ could shoot 9 under tomorrow and run away and it would be a total snoozer,” Kisner said. “But I just think there's too many good players near the top. Ten shots is surmountable over four days if somebody gets really hot.”
 Horschel and Hughes at least have that chance. Horschel secured the 30th and final position, but only because Corey Conners four-putted the final hole at Olympia Fields (the last three putts from 5 feet). Hughes cracked the top 30 by making a 5-foot par putt on his last hole.
 It all starts to unfold Friday, and there is plenty on the line for everyone, mostly money. The $15 million payout — $14 million in cash, $1 million deferred — is only part of the $45.6 million in bonus money being paid out this week.
 It still has to be earned. A year ago, Cantlay was the No. 2 seed and didn't break par in any of the four rounds . He slipped to No. 28, which was worth $415,000. Whoever finishes second earns $5 million.


--DocBreak--
“To roll out a vaccine effectively across countries in Africa, it is critical that communities are engaged and understand the need for vaccination,” said Dr Richard Mihigo, Programme Area Manager, Immunization and Vaccine Development, Programme Area Manager, Immunization and Vaccine Development, WHO Regional Office for Africa. “It is important to already start working with communities to prepare the way for one of the largest vaccination campaigns Africa has ever experienced.”


--DocBreak--
But there was no agreement after Bartomeu met with Messi's father for the first time on Wednesday. Jorge Messi did not dismiss the possibility that his son may reconsider his decision, so there was hope within the club.


--DocBreak--
Sono nato a Genova; ho vissuto a Torino, Genova e – ormai da molti anni – a Roma. Ho sempre voluto fare il giornalista, mi hanno convinto sin da piccolo che si trattasse di una professione nobile e importante. Ho “coperto” molti campi: cronaca, sindacale, parlamentare, educazione e scuola, diplomazia. Dal 1981 mi occupo in maniera continuativa di religione, e vivendo a Roma, in Italia, e in Occidente soprattutto di Vaticano.


--DocBreak--
Volgens de lokale krant annex nieuwssite Volksblatt.li botste de inhalende motorrijder op de afslaande auto, waarna hij tegen een betonnen muur crashte. Hulpdiensten waren snel ter plaatse en probeerden het slachtoffer te reanimeren, maar de motorrijder overleed ter plekke aan de gevolgen van de crash.      Op de foto bij het bericht is Kreeks motorfiets op de plek van het ongeval te zien, met op het asfalt de oranje spray waarmee de politie de contouren van de motor heeft vastgelegd.      De motortrip was voor de vriendengroep eigenlijk een ‘plan B’, doordat een oorspronkelijk plan om de motoren op een autotrein mee te nemen naar Zuid- Europa vanwege de coronacrisis moest worden geschrapt.


--DocBreak--
By Dr.David Matsanga in London United Kingdom I write from the bottom of my heart and call a spade a spade. Kenya has handled...


--DocBreak--
All three Zax Pack Hacks recipes are fast, customizable and can be doubled or tripled to feed groups. Zaxby's first launched Zax Family Packs in April as an affordable bundled menu option to feed families sheltering at home. The limited time offering took off and has outperformed expectations, likely earning it a permanent spot on the menu.


--DocBreak--
On a weekly chart, the price is moving in a channel, limited by SMA100 (currently at $0.2895) on the upside and SMA50 (presently at $0.2300) on the downside. While the price stopped short of the above-said channel support area, the further recovery may be limited as a few technical indicators are sending bearish signals. First of all, both SMAs point downwards, which creates a bearish price channel. The RSI on a weekly chart has also reverted from overbought territory and pointed to the South, which confirms the growing bearish potential in the long run.


--DocBreak--
Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) gas cylinder is the mixture of gases used in heating appliances, cooking, and vehicles. LPG gas cylinder has a variety of uses, with growing demand in domestic application. It is also employed across many sectors including construction, transportation, recreation, hot air balloons, agriculture, hospitality, and calefaction.


--DocBreak--
"For me, I tell the young kids in our locker room, the young men in our locker room, ‘I have kids at the house. This is what I do. If you go out and you get it and you give it to me, you don’t give a damn about me and you don’t give a damn about my family.’ That’s what it comes down to. Look to the left and right of you. I don’t want to get anyone sick and they have to miss games, or they die. That’s the scariest part about this.


--DocBreak--
Middlesex suffered a three-wicket defeat to Sussex in their latest clash on Tuesday, but the positive note was 19-year-old Hollman who impressed by picking up two wickets. He received huge praise from captain and former England star Steven Finn for his performance. "Luke (Hollman) is an exciting young player who has been doing very well in league cricket," Finn said. "He'd have been nervous coming here to play T20 against a very good Sussex team, so for him to take a couple of wickets is a big confidence booster for everyone." Hollman (2-33) claimed the scalps of Delray Rawlins and Ravi Bopara - who won the Double with Essex in 2019 - and proved to be a huge loss for North Middlesex as they suffered a seven-wicket defeat to title challenging Ealing at the weekend. Captain James Parslow saw his side bowled out for just 115 after winning the toss and electing to bat first. Gareth James top scored with 27, but Midd could not prevent Ealing reaching their target in 34 overs with the only positive being young Ethan Bamber (3-12) picking up the wickets that did fall in a tight 10-over spell. Defeat saw Midd drop to fifth, but there was better news on Bank Holiday Monday as they sealed their place in the Middlesex Cup final with a 76-run victory over Brondesbury. North Midd were bowled out for 175 with Will Vanderspar (69) leading the way with the bat before they dismissed James Overy's men out for just 99 thanks to a superb effort from Hugh Teesdale who had a four-wicket haul in the match. They will now face Ealing in the cup final which will be played a week after the league season comes to an end on Saturday, September 19. But prior to that they still have two more league fixtures, including a home match against Finchley on Saturday. Meanwhile, the North Middlesex under-21s will be hoping to bag some silverware this weekend as they battle for the Middlesex Cricket Board Development League Shield with Teddington on Sunday.


--DocBreak--
Last season, Ford played both with his hand in the dirt and from a stand up position on the edge, so he can be used in multiple ways to help confuse an opposing offense. Ford has a good deal of strength and can set the edge when stopping the run, so the strong-side seems to fit his skill set well at this stage, but he's also a quality pass rusher to boot. That said, it makes sense that schools such as Arkansas, Michigan, Michigan State, Nebraska, Notre Dame, Texas A&M and Washington have all extended scholarships to the top 100 prospect.


--DocBreak--
Cover Shoots - Behind the Scenes


--DocBreak--
The ending of Game 2 was bizarre, a close call looking like it would take a win away from Miami — Goran Dragic’s foul of Khris Middleton with the Heat up by three in the final seconds, a play where Middleton tied the game with three free throws.


--DocBreak--
Mumbai meri Jaan lived and worked here for almost twenty years. Moved here to live on my own at age 19. This city embraced me with open arms and kept me safe. A cosmopolitan, inclusive, diverse, beautiful city.


--DocBreak--
“Even the so-called autonomy granted to Local Governments is merely on paper. The Emperor Governors have sabotaged the effort. They still plunder the Councils’ resources with impunity”, ADF stated.


--DocBreak--
Reinoehl was also wanted on a warrant out of Baker County in eastern Oregon, where court records show he skipped a hearing related to a June case in which he has been charged with driving under the influence of controlled substances, reckless driving, reckless endangerment and unlawful possession of a firearm.


--DocBreak--
But, during that glorious _Batman v Superman_ moment, it did seem that opinions and expectations were shifting. Superman was just too ‘good’, too squeaky clean – truth, justice and the American way (although he was clearly an immigrant) was all a bit old hat. The clean-cut image couldn’t account for all the human foibles that would inevitably creep in after so long on this wretched planet, and it certainly didn’t reflect our dark times. Haven’t we learned anything in the last few years?! No one’s good… we’re _all_ utter bastards. Yes – even you, you bastard.


--DocBreak--
Louisiana ahead of the game planning for COVID-19 vaccine distribution


--DocBreak--
A highly methodical quantitative as well as qualitative analysis of the global Jewelry Retail Software market has been covered in the report. The study evaluates the numerous aspects of this industry by studying its historical and forecast data. The research report also provides Porter’s five force model, in tandem with the SWOT analysis and PESTEL analysis of the Jewelry Retail Software market.


--DocBreak--
South Alabama won the game, 32-21.


--DocBreak--
The Ultimate Guide to a Tech-Supported Home


--DocBreak--
Le Tissier, who has come under fire in recent weeks for criticising the government's response to the crisis, retweeted a photo of the Holocaust victim with the caption "Remember this".


--DocBreak--
What truly works in favour of this nearly two hour affair (which has been broken into four episodes of close to 30 minutes each) is the realistic treatment that has been applied to the narrative. A subject like this would typically be showcased as an out and out glossy and stylish thriller with the usual Hollywood/Bollywood tropes. However, JL50 instead reminds one of the kind of cinema that Abhay Deol had done at the beginning of his career, a la Manorama - Six Feet Under, a noir thriller. There are quite a few conversations that ensue which make JL50 truly exciting and though a big hint is thrown right at the beginning, the big twist is revealed around the interval point that catches your attention. The pre-climax twist involving a couple of key characters is even better and brings on an emotional appeal too, which makes JL50 a largely satisfying ride.


--DocBreak--
But it’s not all grey skies: ‘Tranquility Base Hotel & Casino’ doesn’t just drop all of these problems at your feet and then leave you to pick up the pieces. In the anthemic 'The Ultracheese', Arctic Monkeys created a touchstone on how to stay afloat in the irrational world we’re all currently living in. It’s all about having a bit of self-compassion and finding happiness in the little things in life — cut ties with friends who aren’t really friends ( _" Still got pictures of friends on the wall / I suppose we aren't really friends anymore"_).


--DocBreak--
Elliott Abrams, quien es responsable del tema Venezuela en el gobierno de Trump, le responde a MCM diciendo que ella “Vive en un realismo mágico y está haciendo un llamado a un plan B" y que no cree "que eso sea una respuesta sensata a lo que la gente necesita". "Hay que empezar desde las bases con los venezolanos” le dice y recomienda que el trabajo, que “es muy duro”, debe ser el de “organizar a los ciudadanos para impulsar un cambio político con el apoyo del mundo”.


--DocBreak--
5paisa.com inducts ex-CTO of Flipkart Garikipati on board - The Hindu BusinessLine

