Get up to speed with our Essential California newsletter, sent six days a week.


--DocBreak--
Making its entrée into original first-run programming on   Saturday mornings, Nickelodeon will premiere an animated series, _SpongeBob SquarePants_ ,   in July, officials said last week.
 The new show, about a sea sponge and its undersea friends,   will debut July 17 at 10 a.m. Nick has been reairing shows that ran during its weekday   schedule on Saturday mornings, while offering original first-run fare on Sunday mornings.
 Nick just beat all of its competition for kids on Saturday   mornings for the second season in a row, and general manager Cyma Zarghami said the   network wants to take advantage of its strength in that daypart.
 "We've been saying all along that kids have made   Nickelodeon No. 1 on Saturday mornings," Zarghami said, "so why not premiere a   show there and see what happens? We're trying to create a destination for kids on weekends   We have a deeper library now."
 Nick offered a sneak peek at _SpongeBob SquarePants_ May   1, following _Nickelodeon's 12th Annual Kids' Choice Awards_. The special   preview scored a 6.3 rating, or 6.9 million total viewers, including 3.6 million kids aged   two through 11.
 For the just-ended TV season, Nick averaged a 4.2 national   rating for children two through 11, ranking No. 1 and leading its closest competitor, ABC,   by 31 percent.
 In mid-August, Nick will premiere a new original animated   show, _Rocket Power_ , in its primetime "Nickel-O-Zone" block, which airs   from 8 p.m. to 9 p.m. That new series, from Nick and Klasky Csupo Inc., will air Mondays   and Wednesdays.


--DocBreak--
In its statement, the Sheriff’s Department alleged that “illegal narcotic activity, vandalism and graffiti” had become an issue near the encampment. About 25 protesters and 11 homeless people were in the encampment when it was cleared. One person was arrested for trespassing, officials said.
 Carolyn Gomez, who coordinates legal observers for the National Lawyers Guild in Los Angeles, some of whom were in the park, said the Sheriff’s Department failed to issue a dispersal order and used “excessive force” against demonstrators, though she could not offer specifics. A Sheriff’s Department spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment about the use of force.
 Gomez alleged that Sean Beckner-Carmitchel, an independent journalist and activist who has been live streaming events from the encampment on Instagram under the handle “acatwithnews,” was seriously injured by less-lethal projectiles and knocked unconscious during the Sheriff’s Department’s actions.
 For months, the group had been occupying a fenced-off section of Grand Park near City Hall in the shadow of the county’s largest courthouse, hosting movie nights, training seminars for medical aid during protests and other educational events. The group’s demands included an end to the practice of qualified immunity for police, which shields officers from civil liability for some of their actions; eliminating the L.A. Unified School District’s campus police; increasing de-escalation training for law enforcement; and opening all police discipline records to the public.


--DocBreak--
Truth be told, fuel and electricity' are the essential palliatives that can go round without been shortchanged. We should bear in mind that, increase in electricity tariff and fuel price will definitely tell on other commodities and the poor masses are always at the receiving end,” Olumakaiye further said. He advised the President Mohammadu Buhari-led government to rather aim at reducing the burden faced by the masses.

