In the red zone, trick or treating is not recommended. HCA says there are too many risks involved. Instead, they recommend Zoom parties, Netflix parties, and setting up candy stations inside and outside of the house for kids to discover throughout the night.


--DocBreak--
"Obviously we know what they [United] can do but we wanted to impose ourselves on the game," Zaha said.


--DocBreak--
WEDNESDAY: A beautiful day with hazy sunshine again. Likely thick haze at times. With more of a southerly breeze, highs will be slightly warmer but thicker haze will keep our temperatures lower than if it were full on sunshine. Highs in the upper 60s for our West Virginia locations. Low 70s for the Valley. If some of the haze thins out we may have a few spots in the mid 70s. Remember wildfire smoke can lead to more vibrant sunrises and sunsets but thicker haze may just block out the sun completely.


--DocBreak--
A good guide will go the extra mile to put his client of fish or game. Here Travis Benes, manager of the Choctaw Hunting Lodge in Oklahoma, "sneaks" in to position a turkey decoy. [Luke Clayton / Daily Light contributor]


--DocBreak--
During my career as an outdoors writer, I have worked with hundreds of fishing and hunting guides while on story assignments and worked as a guide myself for everything from ducks to bear. Many of my close friends are guides. I have the greatest respect for those that make their living exposing others to their facet of the outdoors, whether that be catching stripers on Lake Texoma or hunting elk in the high country.
   
 The reasons for paying for the services of an experienced guide are many. Professional bass anglers that are obviously extremely proficient at catching fish often pre-fish a lake with a knowledgeable local guide. These professional anglers understand there is no substitute for spending time on the water. Oh, they could spend days learning current fishing patterns on a lake that is new to them but one day on the water with a guide "in the know" has the potential to put them high on the leader board come tournament day.
   
 I understand the pleasure one gets from fishing from one's own boat and having a successful day on the water. But not everyone invests in a boat and is willing to incur all the costs that come with boat ownership. I once did a magazine article on the topic of hiring a fishing guide opposed to purchasing a boat. I actually "did the math," comparing the cost of hiring a guide a couple times per month with the cost of purchasing a boat, paying for insurance, maintenance, registration fees, etc. Honestly I found it to actually be a little cheaper to enjoy a couple of half day fishing trips per month with a guide than pay for a boat. With today's fully rigged boats costing upwards of $60,000 we could probably increase this to one guided trip per week!
   
 I remember when I was young and took our small kids fishing. I was preoccupied with keeping everyone safe on the water and hopefully finding some sand bass or catfish for the little ones to catch, keeping hooks baited and the boat under control kept me busy. Had we been fishing with a guide that took care of finding the fish and supplying fishing equipment, I could have concentrated on devoting my time strictly to the kids.
   
 Hiring fishing guides has become much more common today than 30 years ago. Many of my guide buddies tell me their client base contains a good number of parent/grandparents that wish to spend time on the water actually "fishing" with their kids while they take care of the "work" part of fishing. Guiding fishing trips today has changed a great deal from what it used to be. Without exception, every successful guide I know possesses the people skills to work with and instruct everyone from the youngster to older folks. Locating actively feeding fish is often the easy part of their day on the water. They need to "read" their clients personalities and quickly decide how to proceed to make their time on the water special. For instance some older men might feel a bit intimidated by someone giving them fishing instructions where a lady or youngster often readily applies the guide's instructions and begins catching fish immediately.
   
 Hunting guides offer all levels of involvement with their clients. Big game guides usually offer one on one hunts with their clients or sometime, the agreement is for the guide to pre scout and position his hunter in a spot where he has a good change to harvest game and let the client hunt on his own. I have had a good bit of experience guiding and outfitting hunters out west as well as here in Texas for deer and wild hogs. Usually its part of the guide's job to do the field dressing chores and see to it the meat is properly cared for and in a cooler or delivered to a meat processor. It's important before hiring the services of a hunting guide to make a list of questions to insure everyone is on the same page and services expected by the client are services the guide will provide.
   
 Whether you are looking for the services of a fishing or hunting guide, Face book is a good spot to begin but of course, nothing is better than personal references by friends that have used the guide service you are interested in. Most guides today post regularly on Face Book. You can "like" them and see frequent posts of their clients and the fish they catch or game that is taken. If you desire, you can message the guide with questions and learn a good bit about their style of guiding before you decide to choose a day and put down a deposit on the trip. The guide you are looking for will post pictures of his clients and the game or fish they harvest. Beware the posts that begin with "I did this or that", or where the guide is talking more about himself or his skills than his clients having a fun and successful day on the water. Smart people will understand that the guide was the primary reason for their client's success. He need not attempt to bolster his skills; doing so does far more harm than good to the prospective client that is considering booking with him or her.
   
 Throughout this COVID thing, the majority of my guide buddies have reported brisk business. Folks simply wish to get out and enjoy the great outdoors as well as put some tasty fish or game in their freezer. The next couple months will provide some of the best weather for outdoor outings of the entire years. If you might be planning a guided trip, not is a great time to get on the books.
   
 If I can be of help always feel free to contact me via my website www.catfishradio.org. My email address is lukeclayton1950@gmail.com .


--DocBreak--
ROGERSVILLE — If 89-year-old Korean War veteran Emmett Harrison ever doubted his faith, that came to an end during his 27 months as a prisoner of war.
 The Bristol, Tenn., native prayed to God one night in his POW camp, and that prayer was answered.
 “I asked Him one night if I will ever see my mother again,” Harrison said Friday. “A little bit later I had a dream. We live in a house on Russell Street, and I dreamed I was going up the steps and I was in uniform. I opened the screen door and walked into this little hallway there that had the living room on one side and a bedroom on the other. (Later) I opened that screen door, and there was my mother with her arms stretched out just like I had dreamed it.”
 Harrison added, “I know that I have a higher power. He’s in my corner. Been there a long time.”
 Harrison was the keynote speaker for Friday’s fourth annual POW/MIA Recognition program at the Hawkins County American Legion Post 21 in Rogersville.
 The event also recognized POW/MIA soldiers from Hawkins County and their families, many of whom were in attendance Friday.
 Harrison said he appreciated the opportunity to talk about his experiences nearly 70 years later.
 “I never talk about this,” Harrison said. “I’m glad they asked me this year because next year — we just don’t know. God was keeping me around for some reason. He wanted me to be around maybe as a testimonial. To know that it is possible. What can happen.”
 He remembers the key dates vividly. He arrived in Korea on April 13, 1951 and was captured the following May 18.
 As a member of a machine gun squad after arriving in Inchon, he went straight to the front lines. The night before he was captured, he fired the machine gun until the barrel was white with heat.
 “We had to pull out and go help another company, and that’s when all hell broke loose,” Harrison said. “We had to do the best we could do. They told us to hold this hill, and we did, but we ran out of ammo. A friend of mine got shot in the stomach and I was trying to carry him out, and then the Chinese just overran us. We just had to throw up our hands. They surrounded us.”
 As prisoners, they walked all night for several nights and were hidden under tree cover during the day. They were fed what he believes were ground up soybeans but it looked like chicken feed. When they finally arrived at their POW camp, there were 12 men sleeping heel to toe in a room about 8 by 8 feet.
 Harrison said his POW camp had about 1,200 American prisoners and was about 300 miles north of the demilitarized zone.
 There was very little to eat, and in the winter when temperatures dipped to 30-40 below zero, there was very little heat. The POWs would wake up in the morning with 2 inches of frost on the walls.
 There were no fences. Just 300 miles of mountains, Chinese and Koreans.
 “The peace talks had started and they may sign it tomorrow, so I don’t know of anybody who escaped from there,” Harrison said.
 “It wasn’t like ‘Hogan’s Heroes,’ I can tell you that,” Harrison added. “ … One night they had some white rice, and we got a bite of that white rice, and that was like Christmas coming in July.
 “I wrote a letter to my mother in August, and she got it in November,” Harrison said. “I wrote her and told her I was taken prisoner of war, and that was the first time they’d heard about me.”
 He also had a steady girl when he left for Korea, but when he wrote her a letter, it came back stamped “Return to Sender.”
 “I’d rather they just tore it up. When I came back, I never did see her.
 “They started the peace talks July 10 (after his capture), and we was hoping they’d sign the armistice tomorrow. That way we’d get to go home. Two years later they signed the armistice.”
 The armistice was signed in 1953, 27 months after Harrison was captured.
 Harrison added, “They signed the armistice at 10 a.m., and at 2 p.m. we went up to the parade ground and the (the camp commander) told us they signed the armistice this morning and you men will be going home. That was a pretty good day.”
 Some POWs lost the will to live, and many died in captivity.
 “If you did (lose the will to live), you might as well dig a hole and jump in because you were a goner,” Harrison said. “I never did lose the will to live. I wanted to live and get back home, and I wanted to see my loved ones again.”


--DocBreak--
A good guide will go the extra mile to put his client of fish or game. Here Travis Benes, manager of the Choctaw Hunting Lodge in Oklahoma, \"sneaks\" in to position a turkey decoy. [Luke Clayton / Daily Light contributor]


--DocBreak--
Hartford police investigating homicide; good Samaritan recalls trying to save victim's life


--DocBreak--
Round the clock customer service


--DocBreak--
“Time to apply maximum pressure so that they do the right thing & refuse to vote to confirm before the 2020 election.”


--DocBreak--
"If there is a crazy offer then of course the key people in the club have to make the decision but I am quite relaxed.


--DocBreak--
When word came through to Ollie Hughes that he was going to be on the final Winning Streak show of the season he was a little bit dubious. He called his wife, Fiona, who was in agreement that this was a prank. After a bit of cajoling, he finally realised that this was no joke and that the Winning Streak scratch card he sent into the National Lottery many months ago, which was long forgotten about, had come up trumps for him.


--DocBreak--
The trends continued Friday night when Canyon visited Borger, which was great news for the Eagles and bad news for the Bulldogs.
   
 Canyon stayed undefeated with a third straight lopsided victory, jumping out to a big early lead and rolling to a 40-3 victory at Borger. The Bulldogs fell to 0-4 with the loss.
   
 The Eagles (3-0) took a 20-0 lead in the first quarter and never looked back, as they gave up only a second quarter field goal. They were equally dominant on both sides of the ball.
   
 Jay DeFoor had perhaps his best game at quarterback for the Eagles, completing 21-of-33 passes for 248 yards and five touchdowns. Joe Shaw and Jack McKay each caught two touchdown passes.
   
 Brody Cook opened the season with his third straight 100-yard rushing game, picking up 115 yards and a touchdown on 26 carries. The Eagles piled up 405 yards of offense.
   
 Defensively, Canyon gave up only 162 yards. They took advantage of five Borger turnovers.
   
 Canyon 20 7 7 6 - 40
   
 Borger 0 3 0 0 - 3
      
 Pampa 73, Denver City 28
   
 Canyon isn't the only District 3-4A Division I team on a roll to start the season, as Pampa stayed unbeaten with another dominant offensive performance, rolling over Denver City 73-28 at home.
   
 Pampa (4-0) started well in taking a 31-6 halftime lead, but the Harvesters really came alive in the second half with 42 points.
   
 Jack Studebaker threw for 220 yards and four touchdowns. Two of those scores went to Hunter Dyer, who had seven catches for 110 yards.
   
 Sam Anguiano also played quarterback for Pampa and threw for a touchdown while running for two more scores.
   
 Denver City 6 0 6 16 - 28
   
 Pampa 17 14 21 21 - 73
   
 Class 2A
   
 West Texas High 42, Sunray 27
   
 Sunray 12 8 7 0 - 27
   
 West Texas High 6 22 8 6 - 42
   
 S - Wyatt McConaghy 13 pass from Tate Debord (kick failed)
   
 WTH -Avian Cruz 2 run (kick failed)
   
 S - Julian Espinoza 10 pass from Debord (kick failed)
   
 WTH - Avian Cruz 15 run (Andreus Cruz run)
   
 WTH - Jayden Harvey 78 pass from Avian Cruz (kick failed)
   
 S - Carlos Castallenas 13 run (Sergio Alexander run)
   
 WTH - Andreus Cruz 76 punt return (Avian Cruz run)
   
 S - Debord 41 run (Jorge Hermosillo kick)
   
 WTH - Andreus Cruz 5 pass from Avian Cruz (Harvey pass from Avian Cruz)
   
 WTH - Peyton Tharp 3 run (kick failed)
   
 Sunray WT High
   
 First Downs 14 19
   
 Rushing 167 194
   
 Passing 144 164
   
 Total yards 311 358
   
 C-A-I 10-22-1 9-17-1
   
 Punts-Avg. 6-38.0 3-22.0
   
 Fumbles-lost 0-0 2-1
   
 Penalties-yards 16-139 7-70
   
 Wellington 56, Gruver 6
   
 Wellington 22 20 8 6 - 56
   
 Gruver 0 6 0 0 - 6
   
 W - Mason Folk 31 run (Folk run)
   
 W - Marc Ramirez 3 run (Ramirez run)
   
 G - Angel Gaspar 3 run (run failed)
   
 W - Ramirez 25 run (run failed)
   
 W - Jordan Nation 54 run (Two-point conversion good)
   
 W - Nation 15 pass from Creighton Killian (run failed)
   
 W - Ramirez 84 run (Two-point conversion good)
   
 W - 4 run (Two-point conversion failed)
   
 Wellington Gruver
   
 First Downs 21 5
   
 Rushing 385 49
   
 Passing 89 19
   
 Total yards 474 68
   
 C-A-I 6-13-0 NA
   
 Punts-Avg. NA NA
   
 Fumbles-lost 0-0 0-0
   
 Penalties-yards 6-65 10-129


--DocBreak--
U.S. Rep. Roger Marshall and State Sen. Barbara Bollier squared off in the first U.S. Senate debate Saturday, with the pair clashing over abortion, agriculture and the future of the federal judiciary following the death of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg
   
 The virtual incarnation of the State Fair debate, a staple of the yearly event in election years, was the first time the pair had met face-to-face amid an increasingly contentious race.
   
 Stakes were further heightened with Ginsburg's death Friday evening, prompting a showdown in Washington over whether her replacement should be confirmed before or after a new president has been sworn in.
   
 President Donald Trump has indicated he will nominate a replacement for Ginsburg in the coming days and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement Friday evening that whoever that person is will receive a vote on the Senate floor.
   
 With polling showing the race to replace retiring U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts as competitive for Democratic nominee Bollier, the hot button issue has bled into Kansas as well.
   
 Marshall, a Republican who currently represents the state's First Congressional District, said he supported that decision and advocated for a pro-life justice who has a strict interpretation of the constitution.
   
 That view echoes the perspective of U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran, whose office said Friday that he backed McConnell's plan.
   
 "This is an important time in history and one we can't get wrong, that's why the stakes for this election are so high," he said.
   
 But Bollier said the Senate should be more focused on passing as COVID-19 aid package.
   
 Rushing a replacement for Ginsburg, she said, was not the answer.
   
 "Now is not the time to politicize the Supreme Court," Bollier said.
   
 The temperature in the race has heated up in recent weeks, with Marshall's campaign rolling out an ad which appeared to take prior remarks from Bollier out of context to show her saying she wanted to restrict gun sales.
   
 Both candidates were not afraid to go on the offensive Saturday as well, with Bollier saying Marshall's fiscal policy was "as reckless as his driving."
   
 The remark was a reference to 2008 reckless driving charges brought against the congressman, which were later dropped.
   
 She later criticized Marshall for holding in-person campaign events where attendees do not wear masks.
   
 "It is concerning to see a doctor more concerned with his political health than the health of Kansans," Bollier said.
   
 Marshall praised the federal government's COVID-19 response, skewering economic shutdowns by saying that more would die from shutting down the economy than because of the virus itself.
   
 "I can see the light at the end of the tunnel," Marshall said. "We are winning the war against this invisible enemy."
   
 While the debate did not take place in Hutchinson on the State Fair grounds, agriculture was still a prominent theme throughout the questions.
   
 Both candidates said they would seek a spot on the Senate Agriculture Committee, which Roberts currently chairs.
   
 But Marshall accused Bollier of working against a bill to exempt the Kansas Farm Bureau's health insurance plan from Affordable Care Act requirements.
   
 "She's out of touch with Kansas agriculture values," Marshall said.
   
 In a theme that reoccurred throughout the debate, Marshall also attempted to tie Bollier to more liberal policies--most notably the Green New Deal.
   
 While Bollier has said she opposes the sweeping spending package to address climate change, Marshall said her decision to switch parties in 2018 was a tacit endorsement of its values.
   
 "When [Democrats] invest $15 or $20 million they are going to come after her vote and she is going to give it up," he said.
   
 Bollier touted her voting record on transportation and telemedicine as a sign she understands rural issues.
   
 She also repeatedly said she had a record of working across the aisle in the state Senate, a staple of her television advertisements.
   
 When Marshall said she voted with Democrats "90 percent of the time," she countered that she acted with the GOP floor leader in 86 percent of votes.
   
 "Gosh, is he a Democrat too," she said.
   
 Both candidates claimed victory after the debate, which comes roughly six weeks until election day. The most recent poll from Aug. 9 shows Marshall with a two-point lead over Bollier.
   
 Analysis from the political news outlet Five Thirty Eight released this week found that Marshall would win the race 80 percent of the time.


--DocBreak--
It is worth noting that, despite the good offices and auspices of the Office of the High Commissioner and the Venezuelan government, the existence of this parallel commission, which has not been ratified by Venezuela, arises within the same institutional scaffolding of the United Nations system. These contradictions separate the efforts of the High Commissioner's office from the efforts that the countries are making on their own, even though they are part of the Human Rights Council.


--DocBreak--
And while he needed less than 15 minutes to score his first goal in United colours, the strike came between two Wilfried Zaha goals that sealed an impressive 3-1 victory for Roy Hodgson's visitors.


--DocBreak--
U.S. Senate Majority Leader said in a statement that he planned to hold a vote on whoever President Donald Trump nominates to replace Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, who died Friday at the age of 87.
   
 Ginsburg died Friday from complications of pancreatic cancer. She was appointed to the bench in 1993 by President Bill Clinton.
   
 The move will prompt a showdown over a potential replacement, with McConnell's announcement in contrast to his actions in 2016, where the Kentucky Republican blocked action on President Barack Obama's Supreme Court nominee.
   
 It is unclear whether McConnell would aim to hold a vote before the Nov. 3 election or after, in what is typically known as the lame duck session of Congress.
   
 At a rally in Minnesota Friday evening, President Donald Trump did not indicate if or when he would nominate a replacement for Ginsburg, om;y calling her "an amazing woman."
   
 Trump had previously indicated he would not hesitate to nominate a justice to the high court in an election year.
   
 "Absolutely, I'd do it," Trump said in an August 11 interview with conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt. "I would move quickly. Why not? I mean, they would. The Democrats would if they were in this position."
   
 McConnell quickly put out a statement indicating he would be an ally for that move.
   
 "Americans reelected our majority in 2016 and expanded it in 2018 because we pledged to work with President Trump and support his agenda, particularly his outstanding appointments to the federal judiciary," McConnell said in the release. "Once again, we will keep our promise."
   
 A spokesperson for U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran said the senator supported McConnell's announcement.
   
 In an earlier statement, Moran praised Ginsburg's legacy.
   
 ""Justice Ginsburg was a trailblazer, tackling each challenge with passion, dedication and extraordinary intellect," Moran said in the statement. "She served her country with honor and had an historic impact on the court and the nation. Robba and I are praying for her family."
   
 U.S. Sen. Pat Roberts has not indicated whether he supports holding a vote on Ginsburg's replacement but issued similar remarks on her work.
   
 "Franki and I are saddened by the news of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's passing," Roberts said in a tweet. "Justice Ginsburg's service and dedication to our nation's highest court was admirable, and the legacy she leaves behind will never be forgotten."
   
 Both Moran and Roberts opposed a hearing on Merrick Garland, the federal judge Obama tapped to replace the late Antonin Scalia in 2016. The Senate, led by McConnell, eventually elected not to hold a vote on Garland's nomination.
   
 "This is not about the nominee, it is about giving the American people and the next president a role in selecting the next Supreme Court justice," Roberts told the Capital-Journal at the time
   
 Gov. Laura Kelly announced that flags statewide would fly at half-mast in Ginsburg's honor.
   
 "She was an agent for change, an advocate for the voiceless, and her legacy will live on in decisions that made America more equitable for all of us," Kelly said in a statement.
   
 Former U.S. Sen. Bob Dole, who voted to confirm Ginsburg, said the former justice was a champion for women's rights during her time on the bench.
   
 "Ruth Bader Ginsburg was our friend and neighbor," Dole said in a tweet. "An intellectual giant, she was the second woman to serve on the Supreme Court and a tremendous champion of women's rights throughout her career."


--DocBreak--
Buffalo Behind the Scenes


--DocBreak--
A few spotty light, on and off showers for the night as the rain continues to move east. Areas of fog and mild with lows in the mid to upper 50s.FRIDAY: Another comfortable morning with temperatures rising into the 50s. Partly to mostly cloudy, mild and breezy for the day. We may have another hazy day from wildfire smoke. Highs in the mid to upper 60s in the afternoon. A beautiful day. A crisp night, lows in the mid to upper 40s.


--DocBreak--
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) -- Hartford police are still looking for the gunman who shot a killed a 21-year-old man in broad daylight on Friday.


--DocBreak--
A torn groin in Week 3 in 2018, against the 49ers. It did not prevent him from starting every game that season and totaling a career-high 13 sacks for the Chiefs

