At trial, Quebec's attorney general had acknowledged a violation of Godbout's freedom of expression but argued it was justified in order to protect society's youngest and most vulnerable. All material depicting sexual acts with children is harmful, it was argued.
 In a 55-page decision, Blanchard largely sided with Godbout.
 While sexual material involving minors is clearly harmful, "the court believes we must distinguish between material that exposes a tangible reality, videos or photos or even drawings, from literary fiction," he wrote.
 Blanchard also acknowledged that the process caused Godbout significant psychological distress, noting charges of child pornography lead to a greater social stigma than many other crimes.
 The ruling recounts Godbout's testimony that police burst into his room at 6 a.m. while he was sleeping, treated him in a humiliating manner and seized his electronics. A five-hour interrogation followed, with lines of questioning that Godbout claims suggested he was a pedophile.
 While he said this did not factor into his decision on the constitutionality of the law, Blanchard described the arrest as "shocking."
 "We are not in the presence of a potential pedophile whom we must corner or catch in the act, or who we fear will remove the evidence, but rather an author of a novel, which certainly contains pedo-pornographic passages, but who sells his work in broad daylight and to the public, in particular, in Costco warehouse stores," Blanchard wrote.
 The judge noted the law was broadened in 2005 to include not just material that advocates for, or encourages, pedophilia, but any description of sexual acts with children, as long as the description is a dominant characteristic of the work of fiction and is done with a sexual purpose.
 By that definition, the judge noted, some victims of sexual assault could not legally speak out about their experiences.
 Blanchard said the expanded law effectively rendered illegal an overly wide swath of literature, unduly limiting freedom of expression.
 He concluded that the concepts of "advocating" and "advising" sexual activity with a minor, or an equivalent, should be a "prerequisite for the constitutional validity" of laws criminalizing materials that contain pornographic passages.
 This report by The Canadian Press was first published Sept 25, 2020.


--DocBreak--
This response had setCookie as response header. So while using localStorage, we first update it then proceed.


--DocBreak--
OSHAWA, Ont. - A young Black man who was assaulted by an off-duty Toronto police officer more than three years ago said the incident permanently changed his life and the way he views police.
 Dafonte Miller laid out the lingering impact of the Dec. 28, 2016 encounter in a statement read by prosecutors Friday at a sentencing hearing for Const. Michael Theriault.
 In it, Miller said that as a Black man, he had long heard stories about police abusing their power, but had never experienced it like he did that night.
 "To this day, I can't believe that these would be the actions of a police officer. Someone that is sworn to serve and protect was viciously attacking me without any justification for doing so," he wrote in the statement.
 "No one questioned him. Only I was worthy of suspicion ... Because of the colour of my skin, Michael Theriault could have got away with what he did to me."
 Miller described feeling isolated and on edge since the incident, grappling with headaches and failing to find meaningful employment or return to school. He said the incident will forever be a part of his story.
 Theriault's assault conviction was a first step in accountability, Miller said, adding he would like to see the constable serve jail time.
 Several of Miller's relatives also submitted victim impact statements, while representatives of two organizations spoke about how the incident affected the community.
 Miller's mother, Leisa Lewis, said the incident has placed a "heaviness" on the family.
 "Everyone feels like they are walking on eggshells, not sure what to say to Dafonte, not sure how to help him heal," she said.
 The sentence must send a message that "justice does not have special treatment for police officers," Lewis said.
 Miller's sister, Lataijah Lewis, said Theriault's crime affected not only her family but the entire Black community, "who was forced to relive, once again, the reality that our lives are not valued; we are not treated as human beings deserving of respect and care by the law."
 The Crown is seeking a jail sentence of 12 to 15 months and several other restrictions for Theriault, who was convicted of assault in June.
 In written submissions, prosecutors stress the need for denunciation and deterrence, and list a number of aggravating factors, including that Miller was defenceless and clearly injured.
 Defence lawyers, meanwhile, are asking for an absolute discharge or suspended sentence, arguing Theriault's penalty should not be used to address the broader issue of systemic racism.
 "This is not a crime that is a racially motivated crime," defence lawyer Michael Lacy told the court. "Michael is not to be punished for the sins of the larger policing community."
 In written submissions, the defence highlighted letters of support vouching for Theriault's good character as well as several mitigating factors, such as his "positive employment history" as a peace officer.
 It also noted that he could face "collateral employment consequences, including termination" if sentenced to jail time. Theriault has been suspended with pay but would be suspended without pay if jailed. He also faces a disciplinary hearing with the force.


--DocBreak--
Our website use cookies to improve and personalize your experience and to display advertisements(if any). Our website may also include cookies from third parties like Google Adsense, Google Analytics, Youtube. By using the website, you consent to the use of cookies. We have updated our Privacy Policy. Please click on the button to check our Privacy Policy.


--DocBreak--
The biggest risk in business right now is grief | Fortune


--DocBreak--
A BJP leader said the departure of both allies may have been unfortunate as they had been with the party through thick and thin, but added that the saffron party could not be blamed for pursuing its &quot;agenda of governance&quot; which, he added, was at the root of both fallouts.


--DocBreak--
Oil & Gas news: In the Pipeline


--DocBreak--
"If you bowl in good areas you still mean business!" 😎  


--DocBreak--
In court filings from July 2018, authorities outlined some of Martino’s alleged probation violations, of which there are at least 11 in total. First off, authorities said Martino was still using an unmonitored internet connection and a clandestine Google Voice number to continue harassing and threatening people.


--DocBreak--
At a time when unemployment is rampant, many people are relying on side gigs to make ends meet. Of those surveyed by DollarSprout, 27% said they used their side hustle income to pay monthly bills. But the bulk of respondents still use side hustle income mainly to pay off debts and buy things they could otherwise not afford.
 Side hustlers are not necessarily the people you would expect to be moonlighting. DollarSprout’s survey found that the majority have college degrees and that one-third have an annual income of more than $75,000. And these gigs aren’t just the purview of the young: One third of side hustlers are over age 54, DollarSprout found.
 Notably, the survey found that 33% of side hustlers earn more than $500 per month from their side gigs. Of those, 80% work on their side jobs less than 15 hours per week.  
 ## Best-paid side jobs


--DocBreak--
Upon hearing that Chen received a demerit for leaving his post, the couple set out to visit the police station and apologize to him. As luck would have it, he was not present when they arrived, per CNA.


--DocBreak--
setTimeout 300ms for the recheck is visible when you click on the button


--DocBreak--
Addressing a function held at Gujrat Chamber of Commerce in connection with cheque distribution programme, Dar said loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to Rs 1,000,000 will be provided to youths on personal guarantee. He said the Kamyab Jawan Program targets the SME sector because it can provide employment opportunities to jobless people.
 He said there are three phases of Kamyab Jawan Programme. He said youths have been given loans to the tune of Rs. 5.9 billion so far without any interference of political people.
 Dar said three banks were functioning for this purpose but now 18 banks are also including in it. He said 100,000 people have been imparted technical education, adding that he will cooperate at federal and provincial level for establishing Industrial State-II in Gujrat.


--DocBreak--
In conclusion, for those that are interested in taking that full leap and playing games the best way possible, the Series X is definitely the way to go. However, for more casual consumers that still want to experience the next-gen offerings but don’t want to spend too much money, the Series S is a much more affordable option.


--DocBreak--
Apple Inc. will kick off a broad slate of new products at a virtual event on Tuesday, with upgrades to two of its most important hardware lines beyond the iPhone.
 The Cupertino, Calif.-based technology giant will debut an Apple Watch, likely to be called the Series 6, with features such as a faster processor and a blood oxygen meter, according to people familiar with the product. The new Watch will come in the same 40mm and 44mm sizes as the current models. The company is also planning a new low-end model to help fend off cheaper offerings from rivals such as Fitbit Inc.
 The Apple Watch has become one of the company’s best-selling devices, making it the biggest contributor to Apple’s wearables and accessories division. That segment generated revenue of $24.5 billion in fiscal 2019, almost double two years earlier.
 The Apple Watch was last updated in September 2019 when the company added an always-on screen and new cases. This year will be the first time since 2016 that two new models are released at once.
 Apple’s event will also be notable for what won’t be unveiled: new iPhones. The Covid-19 pandemic disrupted final testing of new 5G models earlier this year and delayed the company’s ability to kick off mass production. Apple now plans to announce its four new iPhones in October, marking the latest iPhone announcement since 2011. Some of the phones could even ship later than the iPhone X, which went on sale Nov. 3, 2017.
 With an announcement in October, Apple will miss the usual couple of weeks of new iPhone revenue in the fiscal fourth quarter, which ends this month, along with a few weeks of sales in the key holiday quarter. That could push the typical year-end iPhone revenue surge into 2021. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment.
 For Tuesday, Apple is also readying its first update to the iPad Air since re- launching the line in March 2019. The new model will look similar to the iPad Pro by replacing the home button with an all-screen look. It will use a slower processor and lack some features such as the iPad Pro’s ProMotion screen.
 A new mid-tier iPad could continue to juice Apple sales as consumers look for devices to help them work and learn from home. The current iPad Air costs $499, far less than the $799 price of the iPad Pro. A tablet that looks similar to the iPad Pro but at a much lower price could make the new iPad Air a hot holiday season seller.
 In the fiscal third quarter this year, Apple made $6.6 billion in sales from the iPad, the most since the 2018 holiday season.
 The release of a new iPad and Apple Watches will correspond with the rollout of iOS 14, iPadOS 14 and watchOS 7 software updates this month. The company is also gearing up to announce Apple One services bundles.
 By November, the company is planning to announce new Mac computers with its own chips. Apple’s first over-ear headphones and an accessory for locating physical items are due as soon as the end of this year.
 Apple is also working on a smaller HomePod speaker that looks like the original, but is cheaper and has fewer speakers, people familiar with the product said. Earlier this year, Apple said it would update the HomePod’s software with enhanced integration with the Apple TV set-top box and support for third-party music services.


--DocBreak--
Off duty, you will spot him being an absolute foodie and exploring local cuisines of various cultures. On other days, he uses his kitchen as an interactive platform to celebrate the love for great food and memorable dining experiences that stand the test of time with his guests and loyal clientele.


--DocBreak--
During the setup process you're asked whether or not you want to activate SpO2 tracking, which I did, but you can always go back and disable it in the settings after the fact. The first thing I did after strapping on the Watch was open the Blood Oxygen app. It gives you a few tips on how to get the best result and you need to rest your arm on a table or flat surface while the Watch is taking a reading. Then the 15-second countdown begins and you're done -- straightforward and painless. I got a 95% on my first read, which was lower than what I'm used to from my pulse oximeter. Anything above 90% is generally considered by clinicians to be within a healthy range, but in most cases, higher is better.
 I tested it a few more times and got slightly different results within a few percentage points depending on whether I was completely still and silent during the test, where I had the watch positioned on my wrist and how tight the strap was. There are many factors that can affect a reading, such as skin temperature or the position of the sensors on the body. Side-by-side with my pulse oximeter, the Apple Watch was often off by about one or two points, but sometimes spot on.


--DocBreak--
Epic's most controversial move came in 2018, when the company opened its Epic Games Store for PCs, a competitor to the industry-leading Valve Steam store. Though the Epic store didn't have the same social networking, reviews and other features Valve's did, it asked for only a 12% commission from game developers, less than half the industry standard 30%.
 To win over developers even further, Epic started paying for and securing exclusivity deals for PC games, effectively locking the titles to its Epic Games Store usually for a year. Some of those exclusives were highly anticipated titles like Gearbox Software's sci-fi shooter Borderlands 3, Deep Silver's postapocalyptic thriller Metro: Exodus, and the epic story game Shenmu 3.
 As Epic's roster of exclusive titles grew, some gamers bristled at being forced to sign up for yet another game service in order to play games they're excited about.
 "I wish there were a more popular way to do this," Tim Sweeney, Epic's CEO, said in a 2019 interview with CNET. But a survey by the Game Developers Conference, released just before our interview, underscored Sweeney's point, finding, among other things, that a majority of game developers weren't sure Valve's Steam justified its 30% cut of revenue. "I feel like the ends are more than worth the means," Sweeney said.
 Now Epic is taking its fight to Apple, and fighting a different app store for mobile devices. In emails between the two companies before the lawsuit was filed, Sweeney asked Apple to allow Epic to create its own app store for mobile devices too, and to use its own payment processing service. Apple refused.
 ## Apple fight
 Epic isn't just fighting Apple in the courts. It's also devised a PR campaign to bring that fight to the public.
 The same day Fortnite was kicked off the App Store, and after Epic sued, the company released an ad parodying Apple's famous Ridley Scott-directed 1984 Macintosh Super Bowl ad. The original positioned Apple as a revolutionary, fighting back against a Big Brother conformist overlord-type figure.
 Epic's remaking, called Nineteen Eighty-Fortnite, paints Apple as the domineering Big Brother, and shows a Fortnite character fighting back.


--DocBreak--
Palmer, in her statement, said Cameron "had the power to do the right thing. He had the power to start the healing of this city."


--DocBreak--
Portland on edge as far-right group holds rally with counterprotesters nearby


--DocBreak--
“I met a man at his brother’s deathbed, and we stepped into the next room to make small talk,” he begins. “I asked him how his day was, and he said he was pissed. I wanted to know why. He said he was pissed off at those people in Iraq, and he thought we should nuke Iraq.”
 Michno resisted the impulse to react. “I really worked hard at just listening to him and trying to be curious to what brought him to make this statement. I tried to understand what he valued about the situation in Iraq.”
 He thought about how to devise a one-sentence question to invite this person to empathize with the Iraqis. “And so I ended up saying something like, ‘I wonder how the parents feel about their children in Iraq?’ ” Michno could feel his voice break a little. The man heard it, too.
 When it came time to leave, the man told Michno that what he said had made him think about things differently.


--DocBreak--
Russ Hambly holds a sign that reads "Jesus Ruler of America, One Nation Under God!" on the square in Tyler at The Return prayer and revival event.


--DocBreak--
Speaking at a press conference, she said that the PTI rulers had compounded the problems of the poor people.
 He added that the government was conducting legislation without considering the problems of the have-nots.
 The senator said that inflation and unemployment had made life miserable for the people.
 He said that the PTI government had failed to provide any relief to the masses in the face of backbreaking inflation.
 The PPP leader further said that the people could not arrange a two-time meal for their children, but the government was least bothered to mitigate their sufferings.
 She added that raising the prices of the medicines would deprive the people to seek medical treatment. The government lacks the ability to run the country, she added.
 The recent report of the Auditor General of Pakistan into the affairs of the Bus Rapid Transit showed corruption to the tune of Rs24 billion in the so- called mega project, she added.
 The sugar was being sold for Rs110 kilogram, which was previously available for Rs55 per kg, she said, adding that the opposition would oust the government.


--DocBreak--
PARIS (AP) — Nearly half of France’s Senate seats are up for grabs Sunday in an election that is likely to leave the chamber dominated by conservatives and serve a new electoral blow to President Emmanuel Macron’s centrist party. The election is indirect, with senators chosen primarily by some 75,000 local elected officials. They are voting for 172 of the 348 seats in the Senate, whose senators serve six-year terms. The conservative Republicans party is expected to keep its majority and the Greens party may see a boost. Macron’s Republic on the Move party has lost popularity since the last election because of public protests, party infighting and questions about the French government's handling of the coronavirus pandemic.


--DocBreak--
“You don’t like a particular policy or a particular president? Then argue for your position. Go out there and win an election.”
 Sounds like something President Donald Trump would say – unhelpful, divisive, perhaps even incendiary. Typical Trump, really.
 But Trump didn’t say it. It was President Barack Obama in 2013, during a debate about the debt ceiling. In 2010, during the health care summit, Obama reminded Republican Sen. John McCain, that “the election’s over.”
 Elections do, indeed, have consequences, one of which is an elected president gets to nominate Supreme Court justices.
 Ruth Bader Ginsberg dying before Trump left the White House was the Democrats’ worst nightmare. Well, almost. The worst is Trump winning a second term, which will trigger a level of apoplexy so seismic that the tectonic plates might reshuffle like a deck of cards.
 There’s nothing new or precedent-shattering about a president nominating a Supreme Court justice in an election year or during a lame-duck session. It’s happened 29 times and in 17 of those cases, when the president’s party held the senate, the nominee was confirmed.
 Trump is well within his rights to nominate a justice to replace Ginsburg, as was Obama when he nominated Merrick Garland to succeed Antonin Scalia who died suddenly in 2016, prior to the election. The problem for Obama was that he had to try to get Garland through the Republican-controlled Senate, which is why Obama nominated the moderate Garland. But Senate Republicans refused to give Garland a hearing. Why? Because they were under no obligation to do so. To be clear, Garland deserved a hearing.
 Still, practically speaking, the current hysteria, hand-wringing and charges of hypocrisy by Democrats over Trump’s “timing” are meaningless, as is what Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in 2016.
 “We think the important principle in the middle of this presidential year is that the American people need to weigh in and decide who’s going to make this decision,” McConnell said. “Not this lame duck president on the way out the door, but the next president.”
 There’s no real precedent for the timing of replacing a Supreme Court justice, only the unwritten “Thurmond Rule” which said that the senate should stop processing nominees to the federal judiciary in an election year. It’s ironic that Democrats are now waving the informal rule around like a battle flag, considering its namesake, Strom Thurmond, the late South Carolina Republican, would likely make the top 10 of any Democrat’s all-time enemies list.
 Had Democrats controlled the Senate in 2016, Garland would currently be sitting on the Supreme Court. If Democrats controlled the Senate today, Trump’s nominee – even the living judicial equivalent of Mister Rogers or Mother Theresa – would have zero chance of confirmation.
 Democrats are understandably infuriated, but their anger, if we’re all being honest, really has nothing to do with timing. It doesn’t even have anything to do with Trump’s nominee. But it has everything to do with their visceral loathing of Trump.
 Should the Republicans push through a replacement for Ginsburg, some Democrats have threatened to add to the number of justices on the Supreme Court – and “pack” the court – should they regain control of the White House and Senate. This would, of course, politicize the court even further, which is the point. This is about politics, after all.
 Neither side should be laying claim to any moral high ground here. But I must admit, righteous indignation from politicians – Republican or Democrat – is precious.
 “Mitch McConnell set the precedent,” Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) tweeted Friday. “No Supreme Court vacancies filled in an election year. If he violates it, when Democrats control the Senate in the next Congress, we must abolish the filibuster and expand the Supreme Court.”
 Indeed, there’s no better basis upon which to make decisions on behalf of the American people than spite, proving, yet again, that Congress earns every bit of its 21% approval rating.
 More than anything, this is discouraging, especially for naive idealists who desperately want to believe that the Supreme Court is the last vestige of the republic to remain unpolluted by partisanship.
 Worse yet, this will be an ugly, bareknuckle fight to the finish, in front of the entire world. And if the Democrats respond by attempting, again, to impeach Trump, as House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has said is on the table, the ideological chasm that currently divides our country will only grow wider.
 Yes, it promises to be a cringeworthy spectacle, perhaps the worst. Unfortunately, only the latest in a regrettable series.


--DocBreak--
Suarez, il compito dello scandalo. Il trasferimento a Torino, il cocomero: cosa gli hanno chiesto


--DocBreak--
I first came across Peter Jarver in a book called The Top End of Down Under, that I found in a second-hand bookshop in Sydney. I’d recently married, and at the time, with our weekend pursuits into the Wilds of Australia, my photographic interests saw a row of bookshelves devoted to Peter Dombrovskis, Chris Bell, David Muench and Galen Rowell to name a few. Peter Jarver was an unknown quantity, to me at least, but one, like those names that sat proudly on that bookshelf, was to change my photography for life.


--DocBreak--
Bonita J. (Tilton) David
 Oct. 4, 1931 - Sept. 20, 2020
 Bonita J. (Tilton) David – retired elementary school principal, teacher, college instructor, wife, mother, grandmother, entertainer, carpenter, plumber, etc… died on September 20, 2020.Bonnie was born October 4, 1931 in Great Falls, MT to Nathaniel and Ione Todd. She married Robert Tilton in 1949. They were divorced in 1983. She married Glenn David in 1986. Glenn died in 2001. Bob and Bonnie rediscovered each other and remained together the last 3 years of Bob's life. Because of her very active work with the state and local PTAs, Bonnie was encouraged by Mary Lee Tower, her daughters' principal to become a teacher. Bonnie received a provisional teaching certificate in 1961 and continued on to graduate Magna Cum Laude from the College of Great Falls in 1967. Her career began as an elementary teacher in Great Falls. She served as a reading specialist in the Great Falls School system for several years. For two summers she was the Director of the Great Falls Summer Language Arts Program for primary children. She received a master's degree in School Administration from the University of Montana. She was a grade school principal when she retired in 1989. Bonnie was listed in the 1988-1989 edition of Who's Who in American Education. After her retirement she was a volunteer reading tutor at Lewis and Clark School in Great Falls, a Junior Toastmaster leader at East Helena Middle School, and an adjunct professor of Speech Communication at the University of Great Falls. During a one-year sabbatical she was an assistant professor at the University of Montana teaching a class load of 200 students each quarter. Just short of finalizing the requirements for her Ph.D., she decided there were other things she wanted to pursue. In 1999 she was presented the University of Great Falls Alumni Recognition Award for Achievement, Leadership and Scholarship. In May of 2002 she was selected to be the Commencement speaker at the graduation ceremonies for the University of Great Falls.Bonnie served as President of the Great Falls Department of Classroom Teachers, President of the Great Falls Reading Association, President of the Great Falls Elementary Principals' Association, President of Speakeasy Toastmaster's, and Area Governor of District 17 Toastmasters. She was the recipient of the Toastmaster's Distinguished Governors Award in 2002. She was a member of the 1989 class of Leadership Great Falls.Bonnie was a member of three of the Toastmaster clubs in Great Falls, the Central Montana Toastmasters Club in Lewistown, and the statewide skills Club for District Officers. Other memberships included: Delta Kappa Gamma Educational Sorority, Phi Delta Kappa, the P.E.O. Sisterhood Chapters in Great Falls and Helena, several book clubs, Mended Hearts, and the Retired Educators Association.Bonnie was a frequent speaker, parliamentarian and program presenter for many Great Falls and state organizations. She often portrayed and was an expert on the life of Susan B. Anthony and could recite one of her speeches in its entirety at the drop of a hat. Bonnie had always been a performer. She would belt out her rendition of “Hey Big Spender” whenever she felt the occasion called for it. Bonnie had a passion for poetry of all types. She would also write whimsical pieces. Who has not heard her recite, “There came a giant to my door”?Bonnie enjoyed golf, skiing, music, dancing, traveling, being with friends and family and planning home improvement projects. Bonnie felt that her greatest accomplishment in life was her relationship with the generations of young persons she guided. When asked about the children, one would see the brilliant smile she reserved for each child.Bonnie was also preceded in death by her brothers Billy, David, Terry and Jim, plus her sister Natalie and great granddaughter Ashley Flynn. Bonnie is survived by brother Phil Todd of Scottsdale, AZ, her two daughters Kathryn Kaczmarski (Jerry) of Buena Vista, Colorado and Barbara Flynn (Dennis) of Helena, MT., four grandsons and 6 great grandchildren.The family would like to offer special heart-felt thanks to the professional, caring and devoted staffs at Touchmark and St. Peters Health Hospice. A private family remembrance is planned.


--DocBreak--
Pumpkin carving, jack-o-lantern towers, hayrides and costume parades — fall foliage or pumpkin festivals are a staple of autumn in New Hampshire allowing communities the opportunity to gather, celebrate the season and bolster their local economies.
 That was of course until 2020 and the COVID-19 pandemic, which has many festival organizers hesitant to hold events that would attract large crowds, from locals to out-of-state leaf peepers, as they have always in the past.
 “We are not having public events this year,” said Zoë Lantaff, vice president/entertainment coordinator of Granite Town Festivities Committee, which organizes The Milford Pumpkin Festival. “We decided it wouldn’t be a responsible thing to do, cause there is no way to keep crowds down.”
 The Milford Pumpkin Festival in recent years has drawn between 46,000 to 50,000 people, she said, to the town’s downtown Oval over the Columbus Day Weekend, when the event is traditionally held.
 “That’s a lot of people,” she said, adding the crowd the festival brings in is a huge boon for the local businesses in and around Milford.
 And unfortunately, 2020 has been a bad year for many local businesses, she said. “If you drive through, for instance, the Oval here in Milford, people have closed their businesses that have been in business for a while because it just wasn’t profitable for them.”
 Lantaff said that even though there will be no physical festival there will be a virtual one.
 “It really is important for us as a committee to do as much as we can,” she said, for the businesses as well as the local residents. “This is a huge event for the community.”
 Plans include a townwide scavenger hunt, a virtual talent show and band performances posted online instead of live performances. Information about the scavenger hunt is posted online at milfordpumpkinfestival.org.
 “Another thing that we’re doing is we’re going to be buying gift certificates from businesses and restaurants in and around the Milford area and then holding raffles so that we are in some way helping to get more people into businesses and restaurants in Milford,” she said.
 The Goffstown Giant Pumpkin Weigh-off & Regatta 2020 that had been planned to take place Oct. 17 and 18 has also been canceled.
 “Goffstown Main Street has canceled all of its stuff,” said Ellen Vermokowitz, president of the Goffstown Main Street Program, including the annual Christmas tree lighting. “It’s pretty much cut back to nothing. …We don’t want to attract crowds of people.”
 However, the main street organization is working on ways to attract people to Goffstown merchants and build community — which is what the weigh-off and regatta usually do this time of year. So far this includes a soon to be announced scarecrow contest in which participants can make a scarecrow at home that will be used as a fall display in the village area of town.
 “We’re trying to draw people to the village area for our businesses and keep that small-town community feeling going on. Goffstown has a tremendous community feeling here,” Vermokowitz said.
 The Goffstown Main Street Program will be posting information about the scarecrows contest online at goffstownmainstreet.org soon, she said.


--DocBreak--
Gil Tal, director of the Plug-in Hybrid & Electric Vehicle Research Center at UC Davis, said prices should fall in the long run, as battery technology improves. But for now, he added, hefty financial incentives are needed to attract buyers -- and those incentives have to come from governments.


--DocBreak--
NEW ORLEANS, La. (WVUE) - It’s now only hours away as the long awaited first front of fall has started its march across the nation and will arrive in our area late Monday. First up though, we have to deal with one or two more summer-like days.Finishing off the weekend on this Sunday, our highs will soar into the upper 80s to near 90 degrees. This is in response to the fact we will see an abundance of sunshine today to go along with very little rain chance. Any patchy dense fog out there this morning will quickly dissipate after sunrise.Now the front won’t make it to us until the evening hours on Monday so we will once again see our highs soar into the upper 80s ahead of that boundary. Quickly things will start to change for the second half of your Monday as rain chances increase by late afternoon with the front moving in thereafter. Expect falling temperatures and a strong northerly breeze to pick up Monday night.Tuesday onward all the way through next weekend is looking absolutely spectacular. Daily highs will be in the 70s and lows could get as low as the 40s north shore with 50s south. Yipppeee!Copyright 2020 WVUE. All rights reserved.Click Here to report a typo.


--DocBreak--
Robert M. Williams said he always wanted to help the people around him and be a positive presence.
 “To that end I became involved in each of the communities I lived in,” said this native Californian, transplanted in Burnside Township, Clearfield County, to be close to family members in the Pittsburgh area.
 An example from New York led him to run in the 15th District as a Democrat.
 “Rural America needs a voice, a representative, leadership,” Williams said. “The status quo of spending a lifetime in Congress living off the backs of the taxpayers has to end. Watching a junior member like AOC (Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez) make a splash on the national stage and speak for those who felt that they had lost their voice or had no voice at all was and is inspirational.”
 Williams said he believes in the voters of the 15th District.
 “I believe in rural America and the dying industries,” he said. “Industries that can have life breathed back into them, if they only had a representative fighting for them. Because there are no term limits, there is no incentive for the representatives in Congress to work together to accomplish the business of the people. Hopefully the voters in the 15th District realize the party doesn’t matter, what does matter is that they have someone in Congress looking out for their interests and the interests of the community.”
 He sees a region that does not conform to urban America.
 “We love to hunt, which means we love our guns and unless you’re a whole lot of country you just won’t get it,” he said. “When I was a Californian living in the city, I didn’t get it. Now going into my third deer season I get the excitement of understanding taking your 6-year-old hunting with the rest of the family.”
 It also means “understanding what makes logging a good thing, coal production a positive and (keeps) railroads running. We need someone who gets the citizens, someone who loves the Constitution and will protect the rights of the people who run around with the Confederate flag, and explain those people to urban America.”
 He said key issues include jobs and keeping alive boroughs and townships in the district.
 “If the next congressional representative doesn’t fight for the railroad, coal and logging industries then there will not be a 15th Congressional District in the future,” Williams said. “There will be ghost towns, dilapidated homes, roads that crumble as they are driven over and the whisper in the wind of the lives and livelihoods that have been lost.”
 Williams said issues are the same throughout the district.
 “We need to create well-paying jobs, create a new dynamic infrastructure and bring new blood into the area with new jobs,” he said. “The congressional representative must encourage new businesses into the area, revitalization of the communities and bring national attention to (Indiana University of Pennsylvania).”
 Williams was born in Fresno, Calif., the fourth of the five children of Dr. Harold Williams and Beverly Williams.
 “As a child I felt that I had it all, being brought up in a nuclear family,” he recalled. “Mother was a stay-at-home mom and in my world it was a village that raised all of the children in the neighborhood. My parents raised us to have respect for our elders and authority; to say ‘yes, sir’ and ‘yes, ma’am.’ To remove our hats when we went indoors and to always wear socks with our shoes.
 “Honesty wasn’t the best policy, it was the only policy and if you got caught lying, (which I always did), there were immediate consequences for your actions,” he went on. “I wish there was glamour in my life but being a regular child was what I aspired for. I had three overachieving brothers all competing against one another; my desire was to skate by on their coattails, and I did pretty well at that until my sophomore year in high school and joined the forensics team and excelled.”
 That continued through junior college to San Diego State, “where on the national collegiate stage I realized I was just mediocre.”
 His family gave him new direction.
 “College was something that I just didn’t have a great deal of love for, so when my mother got sick, I used her illness as an excuse to drop out of school and look after her,” he said. “After looking for myself (I became lost after the Gary Hart disappointment), I signed up for a community (emergency medical technician) program. I again found a niche for myself and excelled. For over 25 years I worked in EMS, (going) from being an EMT to running a multimillion dollar company.”
 He took as many classes as possible, “wanting to be the best EMT I could possibly be.” He became an educator for the emergency medical service community through the National Association of EMS Educators.
 Other classes led him to ordained ministry, as associate pastor of a small congregation in Anaheim, Calif., where he officiated at many weddings. After a Valentine’s Day wedding on a local news program, Williams said, “I became affectionately known as ‘Pastor Rob.’”
 Ministry led to mentorship, and parenthood.
 “I joined Cottonwood Church in Los Alamitos, and volunteered on the church’s first aid team,” Williams recalled. “I did many events for the church and acted as ‘nurse’ at a majority of the church summer/winter camps. Through the years acting in this capacity I had a group of young ladies that bonded with me.
 “I started mentoring them and taking them to midweek services. Being latchkey kids, the parents appreciated someone from church looking after their children when they were working. And as the weeks turned into years we became a family: Jenisea Haro, 19; Julia Alvarado, 20; Abigail Tauscher, 14; Ramona Ornelias, 19; Victoria Boswell, 19; Meghan Fleenor, 19; (and) McKayla Welty 20. These young ladies are my world and in my will.”
 While in Anaheim, he ran unsuccessfully for city council and mayor.
 “When I moved to Burnside Township the election cycle had already begun, and not knowing anything about the local landscape ran as a ‘write-in’ for the township council,” he said. “That was a dismal failure, but it opened the door for the Democratic Party to look at me.”
 COVID-19 “cannot and should not be what we blame everything on,” he said. “Doctors are now using technology to see patients saving consumers money on paying for rides to their offices. Where there’s a will there’s a way. Working within the rules is what we all need to do, finding new safer ways to do things, just shows what we can do with our local economy if we have the desire to do so.”
 As he’s not running for state office, he did not discuss Pennsylvania’s COVID-19 response, but said the national response is a dismal failure.
 “Everyone is so busy covering their backsides that they won’t take a stance for their constituents,” Williams said. “We need to go back to basics and start from scratch with educating the public; teaching points not talking points; and have our leaders all on the same page.”


--DocBreak--
Nearly half of France’s Senate seats are up for grabs Sunday in an election that is likely to leave the chamber dominated by conservatives and serve a new 


--DocBreak--
Quarterback becomes school’s all-time yardage and touchdowns leader.
 TAMAQUA — Johnny Gilchrist received congratulations from teammates and coaches, but kept glancing at the scoreboard.
 It was a difficult setback to a Tamaqua team that pounded out a 51-20 victory Friday night in a nonconference high school football game.
 But within the 48 minutes of play, Gilchrist and the Riverside spread offense started to show flashes of its explosiveness.
 And while cranking up the passing game, the senior quarterback deserved his congratulations as he rang up 315 yards and three touchdowns. Those numbers pushed his career totals to 5,639 yards and 68 touchdowns putting him alone at the top of the program’s all-time list, topping Nick Dranchak, who had 5,329 yards, and coach Harry Armstrong, who had 66 scores.
 “It is a bittersweet night,” Gilchrist said. “Tough loss. But, I am just honored and humbled to break the records. Both coach Armstrong and coach Dranchak have coached me from the beginning, so they have a big part in this.
 “They worked hard for me and I am just returning the favor and work hard for them.”
 Tamaqua, a Class 3A team that reached the PIAA semifinals last season, had its own impressive statistics in the high-scoring game.
 Nate Curvey ran for 159 yards and four touchdowns with three coming in the first half, Logan Hess had 112 yards rushing and 32 receiving, fullback Lucas Schickram had 79 yards rushing and two touchdowns and kicker Sophia Boyle connected on all seven extra points.
 The Blue Raiders moved to 3-0 while running for 422 yards on 57 carries.
 Riverside, for the third straight week, had high points which it can build from, and a bevy of mistakes that cost it against a strong opponent.
 The Vikings (0-3) lost three fumbles, had an interception, had a penalty that wiped out a 74-yard touchdown pass and suffered a safety when Gilchrist was sacked in the end zone. Riverside also had its second game with minus-31 yards on the ground, compounded by four sacks.
 But Gilchrist threw the ball well, completing 26 of 42 attempts and connected with six receivers. Riverside finished with 14 first downs and averaged 12 yards per completion as it heads into its Triboro rivalry game next week against Old Forge to open play in the Lackawanna Football Conference.
 “We are breaking in a new offense, but we are starting to get more comfortable with our assignments and reads,” Gilchrist said. “That is a huge thing to take from this game. We missed some opportunities and made some bad mistakes. But at least we are getting into a rhythm heading into league play.”
 Michael Rickert, a first-year player, hauled in seven passes for 104 yards and two touchdowns. His first covered 56 yards on a fly pattern down the sideline and accounted for Gilchrist’s record-tying 66th touchdown pass.
 “Things were really tough for me at first, especially in Week 1 at Wyoming Area,” Rickert said. “It was like I didn’t know what I was doing out there. I had a lot of dedication in practice and studying the playbook, and already now only two weeks later I feel like I have been playing my whole life.”
 Trailing, 37-8, in third quarter, Gilchrist got into a rhythm. He hit freshman Reese Gaughan for 16 yards and Noah Parchinski for 16 before firing a tight spiral to first-year receiver Josh Goldlewski on a slant that went for a 25-yard record-breaking touchdown.
 “I just put my head down and ran as fast as I could,” said Godlewski, who finished with four catches for 61 yards and his first career score. “When I crossed the goal line, I turned and all my teammates were excited for me.
 “It’s an incredible feeling. A couple of months ago, I wasn’t even playing football and now I am part of a record.”
 Riverside couldn’t slow the Tamaqua multi-back attack and Schickram, a bruising 250-pound battering ram, ripped off a 13-yard run and powered for a 24-yard score to push the lead to 44-14.
 Then, Riverside answered with a drive that put the ball at the Tamaqua 14. But an interception by Nate Fannock erased that scoring chance.
 After a short scoring drive, capped by a 2-yard run by Schickram to make it 51-14, Riverside got on the board one final time. Gilchrist had a completion of 15 yards to James Garvey and a 32-yard hookup with Ryen Vassell before Rickert finished of the scoring.
 “I feel like we are very close to breaking through,” Rickert said. “Every game so far, it seems like we are just that one play away from making the games a lot closer.”


--DocBreak--
"It's baked into the habit of the industry that it's acceptable," he added. But van Dreunen said that now, with more than a decade of Apple being as inflexible as developers have said it is, pushback is inevitable.
 Apple isn't the only company Epic targeted in its Fortnite battle. The same day Epic broke Apple's App Store rules, it adding the same with its game on the Google Play Store, for devices powered by Google's Android software. Google kicked Fortnite out of its store too, and Epic sued, arguing that Google has strayed from the Don't Be Evil mantra of its early years.
 Google has since reportedly begun plans to tighten its app store rules, in seeming support of Apple. A report in Bloomberg last week said the company is planning to tell developers they need to use Google's payments processing service, which has an up to 30% commission just like Apple's App Store.
 In the meantime, the first court skirmishes between Apple and Epic have scored legal wins for both companies. In an emergency hearing in August, a district judge in Northern California agreed that Apple could keep Fortnite off its App Store during the lawsuit. She also ruled that Epic should be able to continue distributing its Unreal game tools to developers without interference from Apple, for now.
 The risk that Apple could lose the case and potentially set a precedent that upends how all app stores work across the tech industry will likely drive the company to settle. But it's also why Olson, the law professor, is hoping for the case to drag on a bit. He wants to see how Apple, Epic and the court attempt to apply antitrust laws from decades ago to modern day tech.
 "Antitrust needs to catch up with the world some," he said. And cases like this help it to do that.


--DocBreak--
“We are waiting for funds from the federal government to make the IHRA functional,” IHRA Board Chairman Dr Syed Fazle Hadi told The News, when contacted.
 In the last two days of the previous financial year, he said the IHRA was provided seed money of around Rs90 million. “We could hurriedly spend only a part of it but had to return the remainder as the funds lapsed due to the close of the fiscal year.”
 Dr Hadi said the IHRA had rented a floor of the Pakistan Red Crescent building and purchased some vehicles. “In the current ongoing financial year, the IHRA has not been provided any funds whatsoever.”
 He said the IHRA advertised posts and received nearly 800 applicants for different positions. These are being scrutinized, and the short-listed aspirants will be interviewed by the IHRA board.
 “We are just 10 percent functional, and hope to be working to our capacity only after we get the requisite funds,” Dr Hadi said. “We have asked for a good amount of funds and expect to get some Rs120 million. We will then be able to employ about 60 people.”
 The IHRA board head said that the issue of funds has been brought to the notice of Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Health Dr Faisal Sultan, who, he said, has asked the finance ministry to provide the money.
 Dr Hadi said a number of technical committees would be constituted for the inspection of hospitals, ordinary clinics, dental facilities etc. As per the law, the IHRA is mandated to monitor, check and register the working and functioning of thousands of private clinics, hospitals, nursing homes, laboratories, public sector medical facilities and health professionals. It will receive complaints from the general public and take action against them.
 The law enacted in May 2018 to establish the IHRA on the pattern of similar provincial forums, provided that the federal body would be established within one month. The act armed it with sweeping powers and functions.
 The IHRA has been given powers and functions to maintain a register of all healthcare establishments, set standards for registration and licensing of healthcare establishments, register all healthcare establishments, health professionals and equipment, and issue licence for defining the scope and extent of healthcare services to be provided by healthcare establishments. The regulator has been empowered to enforce minimum standards of safety for patients, healthcare professionals and other staff in a healthcare establishment; regulate healthcare establishments in accordance with standards and notified practices; prepare and issue notified practices as a guiding document for service provision in healthcare establishments; inquire and investigate into violation of any of the provisions of this law by any healthcare facility.
 The law says no healthcare establishment will render any healthcare service unless it is registered with the registration board. No such establishment will give any healthcare services for which it is not licensed.
 No healthcare professional will provide healthcare services in a healthcare establishment unless he or she has a prior registration. A healthcare professional will get himself registered with the IHRA for rendering services in a healthcare establishment and no healthcare professional will render services in a field in which he is not registered.
 The IHRA has the powers to investigate the complaints relating to healthcare establishments, healthcare professionals, healthcare services and medical negligence. It will define the kinds of complaints, categories of different kinds of medical negligence and mal-administration, malpractice and failure in provision of healthcare services. The recognized and known complications of a medical or surgical treatment will not be considered medical negligence.
 The regulator will develop and put in place various policies and measures to ensure elimination of quackery; prepare and issue regulations, guidelines, instructions and directives to ensure implementation of this law and notified practices; and collaborate with international and national institutions, organizations and companies to secure their assistance, cooperation and support for improvement of healthcare establishments for provision of healthcare services.


--DocBreak--
But they gained speed in 2018 and 2019, as state lawmakers put more money into rural employment and as Workforce teamed up with the Rio Grande Council of Governments, allowing them to coordinate with more local governments and companies. “We were like, ‘This is an opportunity for us to really go full speed ahead,’” Glenn said.


--DocBreak--
Advertising
 Smouldering may appear harmless, but the smouldering logs are capable of reigniting, while the residual glowing sparks could be carried in the air, and can lead to wildfires in different areas, a Stanford release explained.
 The team used X-ray Computed Tomography (XCT), to get three-dimensional images of wood structures less than a millimetre in scale as they smoulder and eventually catch fire. It also allows them to measure the temperature of the surrounding flame, it added.
 The predictive fire model uses information about the flammability of various materials, landscape data, and weather data, like relative humidity in the air and wind patterns.
 Then, the algorithm runs countless permutations to predict how different combinations alter a fire’s spread, the release noted.
 “For wildfire risk assessment or if you’re a firefighter, what you need is an accurate prediction about how fast the local fuel – the trees and plants nearby – will burn. Matthias Ihme,” a Mechanical Engineering Professor at Stanford University, said. “We’ve analysed this fuel in a new way that allows us to do just that.”
 The research team also wants to gather wood samples from around the world, analyse them using XCT and compile a detailed database of various fuels.
 “We’ve been working on improving the fidelity of the model, adding more complex physics into it,” Matt Bonanni, a Stanford graduate student, says. “It’ll only get better.”


--DocBreak--
TORONTO - No winning ticket was sold for the $50 million jackpot in Friday night's Lotto Max draw.
 There were also two Maxmillions prizes of $1 million each up for grabs, but neither of them were won.
 The jackpot for the next draw on Sept. 29 will grow to approximately $55 million and four Maxmillion prizes will be offered.


--DocBreak--
A dog who had to be pulled out of a 30-foot-deep sinkhole last week now is being fostered by a couple who helped rescue him from the sinkhole.
 Wes Taylor said he and his wife, Allie, felt like they developed a connection with Sinker, the name rescuers gave the dog, when they were helping him out of the sinkhole after he was discovered there by a group of mountain bikers in the Pisgah National Forest.
 “I guess we formed an attachment [during] our little time in the hole and our walkout,” Wes said.
 Sinker was taken to the shelter at Burke County Animal Services on Sept. 20 after his rescue. The Taylors, both volunteers with the Burke County Rescue Squad, visited him there Tuesday.


--DocBreak--
jee main 2020 question paper


--DocBreak--
Julia Ann Lee Henson  
 TYLER — Julia Ann Lee Henson went to be with her Lord and Savior Jesus Christ September 21, 2020 in Tyler. She was born November 18, 1932 in Marietta, TX. to the Rev. T.P. Lee and Lula Mae Hicks Lee.   Julia was preceded in death by her parents; husband, R.L. Henson; brothers, Frank Lee, Walter Lee; sisters, Peggy Lee, Mary Sikes, Betty Bragg, Carolyn Faye Akin; and granddaughter, Catherine Michelle Grimes. She is survived by son, Mike Grimes (Cindy), Tyler; daughters, Sharon Maynor (Bob), Mansfield, LA, Terri Grimes, Tyler, and Cathy Hommel (Bill), Tyler; 7 grandchildren, Teresa Maynor, Shreveport, LA, Scott Maynor (Kristy), Frisco, TX, Marc Grimes, Tyler, Tracy Boyer (Ky), Hideaway, TX., Sarah Dickerson (Dalton), Tyler, Hayden and Griffin Hommel, Tyler; 5 great-grandchildren, Grant Maynor, Owen, Eli, and Rhett Maynor, and Hannah Boyer. Julia is also survived by her husband’s children, Robert Henson (Donna), Chandler, TX., Kyle Henson (Amy), Chandler, and Peggy West (Jeff), Tyler; and 6 grandchildren and 9 great- grandchildren.   Julia attended schools in Marietta and Mt. Pleasant. She was a homemaker and enjoyed sewing, crocheting, and quilting. She and her husband, R.L., enjoyed volunteering at Mother Frances Hospital in Tyler.   Julia loved God and His Word and was a member of Green Acres Baptist Church. She was ready to go be with her Lord and be reunited with loved ones who had gone on before.   Memorials, if desired, may be made to Heart to Heart Hospice, 7925 S. Broadway Ave. #1140, Tyler, TX 75703 or the missions ministry at Green Acres Baptist Church, 1607 Troup Hwy, Tyler, TX 75701.   A private family graveside service is planned. The officiant will be Dr. Tom Buck.  


--DocBreak--
Habitual criticism can transform a beautiful relationship into a toxic one. It can erode positive feelings and destroy the connection, which is the foundation of any relationship. Harsh statements such as, “You are so selfish”, “You only think about yourself and not me”, “Can you ever get anything right”, “You are spineless”, etc. can trigger a negative response within your partner's mind. The most common reactions to criticism are attacked, defend, or shut down.


--DocBreak--
IPL 2020: close contest on the cards as Royals clash with Kings


--DocBreak--
jee advanced 2020 question paper


--DocBreak--
__Comments Off on Cyprus new route for migrants prepared to ‘die at sea’


--DocBreak--
ST. LOUIS — Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Corbin Burnes was placed on the injured list Friday with a strained left oblique, likely ending the right-hander’s breakthrough season.
 Brewers manager Craig Counsell said that if Milwaukee advances to the playoffs, Burnes would be unavailable for the first round and would be doubtful for the second round. The Brewers (27-29) are outside of playoff position but haven’t been eliminated from contention yet heading into the final weekend of the regular season.
 “Take the next couple of days off and then start slowly working back into it, and we’ll see how quickly we can get things ramped up depending on how I’m recovering,” Burnes said.
 Burnes is 4-1 with a 2.11 ERA and 88 strikeouts in 59 2/3 innings, a dramatic improvement from a 2019 campaign in which he went 1-5 with an 8.82 ERA.
 He suffered his first loss of the season Thursday by allowing three runs and six hits over 3 2/3 innings as the Brewers fell 4-2 to the St. Louis Cardinals. The injury, which was described Thursday night as lower back discomfort, appeared to bother Burnes throughout the fourth inning.
 Burnes was placed on the injured list after undergoing an MRI.
 “It didn’t end the way you necessarily wanted it to,” Counsell said. “He had a great season. We’ve talked about it many times — he should be happy with what he accomplished. One, you’ve got to heal up and see what happens. But regardless of what happens, he should be really pleased with what he’s been able to accomplish in the regular season.”
 Burnes said the issue started bothering him during his previous start and cropped up periodically throughout the week, but that he felt fine before Thursday’s game.
 “Everyone asked me beforehand, ‘Are you good to go?’" Burnes said. “(I replied), ‘I’m good to go.’ It was one of those things where there was just a little bit of tightness, but I thought it would be just fine. Everyone’s asking me after, ‘Do you still think you should have gone last night?’ Absolutely. It’s one of those things, I think I can go out there and get outs. For the most part, I was able to, up until the very end there. It’s one of those things. Absolutely no regrets about going out there last night.”


--DocBreak--
Bus seats are now assigned. “Normally we don’t assign seats for kids,” Aguero said, “but that’s something we wanted to do this year.” Students at the earlier bus stops sit in the back of the bus, so that students won’t pass each other as they get on and off.


--DocBreak--
_Bruxelles , 25 set 15:37 - (Agenzia Nova)_ \- "Il presidente Vucic e il primo ministro Hoti hanno convenuto che i loro negoziatori discuteranno delle rivendicazioni finanziarie e degli accordi relativi alle comunità minoritarie. Entrambi gli argomenti sono molto complessi, e per questo motivo domani discuteremo delle richieste finanziarie e nei prossimi giorni degli accordi per le comunità minoritarie", ha scritto Lajcak su Twitter. Il rappresentante speciale dell'Ue per il dialogo Belgrado-Pristina ha recentemente affermato che "è giunto il momento di completare con successo il processo di dialogo" dopo 10 anni. "Oggi sono esattamente 10 anni da quando l'Assemblea generale delle Nazioni Unite ha accolto con favore la disponibilità dell'Unione europea a mediare il processo di dialogo tra Belgrado e Pristina. È giunto il momento che (tale processo) venga portato a termine con successo ", ha sottolineato Lajcak. (segue) (Beb)
 (C) Agenzia Nova - Riproduzione riservata


--DocBreak--
I professori avrebbero seguito fedelmente le indicazioni di Rocca e si sarebbero limitati a domande relative a quel pdf trovato dalla guardia di finanza: “una breve presentazione del candidato e poi quelle due immagini da guardare per 20 secondi e da descrivere in un italiano fluente”, riporta il Messaggero. Niente domande sulla Costituzione italiana o sull’uguaglianza tra marito e moglie, ma sono un rapido racconto sul trasferimento a Torino e su dove poter trascorrere la domenica con moglie e figli.


--DocBreak--
 PARIS (AP) — Nearly half of France’s Senate seats are up for grabs Sunday in an election that is likely to leave the chamber dominated by conservatives and serve a new electoral blow to President Emmanuel Macron’s centrist party. ...


--DocBreak--
The Broncos' offense features an emerging star at tight end in Noah Fant and two dynamic rookies at receiver who could quickly become dangerous weapons. Jeudy in particular is a precise route-runner out of the slot who is a challenge to cover man-to-man. With Driskel in for Lock, the Buccaneers will also have to be concerned about the quarterback scrambling and possibly running on some designed plays. On defense, Denver is ranked 22nd overall but has fared quite well on third downs and in the red zone. Here is a specific challenge on each side of the ball the Buccaneers will face on Sunday.


--DocBreak--
Pueblo venezolano dice que no teme a presión extrema de EEUU


--DocBreak--
“I wanted to get a job as a bartender when I came back to school but then COVID happened and no one is hiring,” said Anabel Morales, a senior at the University of Alabama.      Bars and restaurants are reluctant to hire new staff in these unpredictable times. Balancing supply and demand is difficult during the COVID-19 crisis.      “Recently, I announced that I was exploring a run for Mayor of Tuscaloosa due to concerns with @WaltMaddox response to COVID-19,” said CJ Pearson, a conservative political activist and freshman at the University of Alabama, in a tweet on Sept. 5th. “Since then, he has announced that he will rescind his order that shuttered bars and restaurants and threatened the survival of our local economy.”      Typically, bars and restaurants will hire seasonal staff for football season. Alabama football brings thousands of people to the Tuscaloosa area for every home game. The Crimson Tide’s record attendance is 101,821 people and they are expected to have their first game on Sept. 26 against the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri.      “I was convinced we were going to have to be closed for at least another week,” said Olivia Hodges, a bartender at The Houndstooth, which is a sports bar located on The Strip.      Now that the bars are re-opened, there have been lines to get into the establishments. Again, they must remain at 50% capacity, even during the peak season of football. These stipulations are hurting small businesses in the Tuscaloosa area.      Alabama football will have their first home game on Oct. 3 against Texas A&M. They will have a shortened season with only ten in-conference teams. College football is on the rocks. There is one game scheduled on Aug. 29 which is considered week zero meaning the conferences still have time to back out of playing football due to the pandemic.      Not having a full football season is stunting the economy in Tuscaloosa. Bars and restaurants are struggling to stay open and their major money-making season of football is possibly going to get canceled. Mayor Maddox is threatening the livelihood of thousands by continuing these restrictions on indoor dining.      Erin Sundberg, Editor-at-Large in Alabama


--DocBreak--
Growing up in Wisconsin, the sibling rivalry between the Watt brothers had no boundaries. Out front playing roller hockey. In the backyard playing football. Mini-baseball in the basement. Even the kitchen table at grandma's was not immune.
 As kids, J.J., T.J. and Derek would spend hours at their grandmother’s house, sipping their “special drink” of Sprite and cranberry juice in sippy cups while playing gin rummy, where their great-grandmother offered proof the family's competitive streak runs deep. Really deep.
 “Great grandma, even when she was 100 years old, takes no prisoners," said J.J., the star defensive end for the Houston Texans. "When that’s the attitude of your 100-, 101-year-old (great-) grandma, it kind of trickles down throughout the whole family.”
 On Sunday, the Watt brothers will play a much higher stakes game when J.J.’s Texans look to avoid an 0-3 start as they visit Derek and T.J.’s undefeated Steelers (2-0). It will be just the second time since 1927 that three brothers will appear in the same NFL game.
 “It’s incredible. It’s special,” said J.J., at 31 the oldest of the bunch. “It’s a testament to our parents and everything that they did and all the people in our lives – our coaches, our trainers, everybody who helped us get here. It’s going to be very, very cool.”
 If not exactly warm and fuzzy. J.J. is actually looking for a bit of payback against Derek after something the fullback did last season when he played for the Chargers in a loss to the Texans.
 “I won the game so it doesn’t matter, but yeah, he tossed a chip in the ribs,” J.J. said. “That’s what he does. He’s a pesky little fullback. He sticks his elbow in your ribs as you’re pass rushing and then he goes on his way. We’ll see what happens on Sunday.”
 Derek, the middle brother at 27, laughed at the memory and expects to have a run-in or two with big brother's familiar No. 99.
 “ I think I got him pretty good and he tried to play a spin move with it," said Derek, who signed a three-year deal with the Steelers in March. "But I am sure if he finds an opportunity this game he will definitely try to get me back for it. But I don’t see him going out of his way, that’s for sure.”
 That would simply be against the Watt way. John and Connie Watt instilled in their sons at a young age the importance of selfless hard work. They shooed them out of the house in Pewaukee, Wisconsin — about a half-hour west of Milwaukee — and the three boys became the de facto sports commissioners of the neighborhood.
 “We were trying to get as many people, as many kids in the community to come over our house and play as many sports as we possibly could,” said T.J., the baby of the bunch at 26.
 Some things never change. The Watts spent a portion of their offseason co- hosting a game show called “Ultimate Tag,” and are currently starring in a series of Subway commercials featuring mom and dad.
 Yet even as their stars have risen — as tends to happen when you're a three- time Defensive Player of the Year like J.J., or a 2019 All-Pro with a rapidly growing reputation as one of the best outside linebackers in the NFL in T.J. — their private lives remain relatively simple. Their group chats focus on Derek's son Logan, J.J. complaining about the heat in Houston; and T.J. being well, T.J., but staying as quiet as possible.
 Considering how much his chatterbox older brothers talk, maybe it's fitting T.J. is practically a monk by comparison. Or maybe it's just a byproduct of constantly having to prove yourself in a house stuffed with testosterone.
 Was T.J. picked on? Of course. Did it bother him? No. Without it, he realizes he might not have ever made it to the NFL.
 “For me it was super important in my development to play with J.J. and Derek to get beat up on a lot when I was younger," he said. “But (it taught me to) just kind of be resilient and continue to grow and learn from my experiences playing up with those guys.”
 Their bond remains as strong as ever. During the lengthy shutdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic, they retreated to Wisconsin, where J.J.'s gym served as the hub of their offseason program. Whatever regimen they put together looks like it worked.
 T.J. is coming off a 2 1/2 sack performance against Denver. Derek drilled Broncos punter Sam Martin in the end zone for a safety, and opened up a hole for running back James Conner to tear off a 59-yard sprint that sealed a 26-21 victory. While the Texans are winless, J.J. twice took down reigning NFL MVP Lamar Jackson last week against Baltimore.
 T.J. and Derek facetiously gave credit for their preparation to the “owner” of the gym, who crashed their video conference with reporters on Friday by identifying as “Justin James” from the “Better Brother Gazette.”
 “The thing about the club owner is that he really enjoyed cutting the grass himself,” T.J. said with a smile after J.J.'s face popped up on screen. "He really enjoyed lining the football field for his members. The grass was always pristine. The gym was always clean. We tried to do our best to clean up after ourselves and we’re just very grateful that he let us use his facilities.”
 For three hours on Sunday, their lifelong alliance will be put to the side. When it's over, they'll pose for pictures to commemorate the moment, one they know isn't about themselves but the environment that nurtured them. From great-grandma to grandma to mom and dad.
 “I think it came down to our parents working extremely hard for what they got in life and teaching us that if we want to accomplish our dreams and our goals, we had to work extremely hard and make a lot of sacrifices,” J.J. said. "Which at the time we hated but now we understand and we appreciate it.”


--DocBreak--
The next edition of the league is slated to start in November in three venues of Goa due to the COVID-19 pandemic. And considering that the long uncertainty has hampered team-building, Bhutia said they have to make long-term plans."From the fans point of view, everyone was looking at playing the ISL this year. That has been achieved," club legend and former India captain Bhutia told PTI in an exclusive interaction from his home town in Sikkim."Obviously there is going to be a challenge in terms of building the team. We should not really judge the team's performance this year," he said.While rivals ATK Mohun Bagan have already entered into quarantine in Goa, East Bengal are yet to announce any foreign acquisition as well as the coach.As of now, East Bengal have 35 players in their roster with centre- forward Balwant Singh being the only current Indian player. The rest are all youngsters or past their prime.Bhutia said the club would face difficulties in making up a squad and should look to build a team for the long-term."All good Indian players have got long-term contracts. To build a team is going to take time because no player would be available in the market right now," he said, citing the example of Sandesh Jhingan.ATK Mohun Bagan inked a five-year deal with the star India defender, who was looking for a team after leaving Kerala Blasters."Jhingan has just signed for five years. All top-quality players have long-term contracts with their respective clubs. I think East Bengal will have to build long-term. They will have to develop players," the 43-year-old said.In the current scenario, Bhutia said his former club would have to depend on the foreign recruits. Jaime Santos is currently the club's only foreigner with a long-term contract.The delay in appointment of the coach -- who will have the final say in roping in foreigners -- is the reason behind no overseas acquisition.The ISL derby will be the one to look out for and despite the setbacks in team-building, East Bengal cannot be written off for the big match, Bhutia said."Derby is a different ball game. I think East Bengal should do well. The motivation and passion for a derby is at a different level, whatever may be the tournament. Emotions just soar up," Bhutia said, recollecting his 1997 Federation Cup hat-trick."On paper, Mohun Bagan were way ahead. They were a very, very strong team but we defeated them," the chief architect of the famous 4-1 win, recalled."Derby is totally a game of nerves. If the best players can't keep their nerves, they can't perform. It's got a lot to do with the nerves and depends on who can take the pressure well on that given day. Anything can happen."Having started off with East Bengal in 1992, Bhutia went on to win every single trophy with the club, including the National Football League and the ASEAN Cup in 2003.Hailing the inclusion of the Big Two in ISL, Bhutia said it will add a lot of star value to the league."It's good to see both East Bengal and Mohun Bagan in the ISL. It's going to bring a lot of value, passion.""The competition and the quality of the league is going to be much higher now."Another East Bengal legend, Subhas Bhowmick, who coached them to the famous ASEAN Cup win, said it was just a matter of time."I had already said it a month ago. It was a matter of time. ISL had to wait for us. I'm very, very happy. East Bengal club has always been like a religion to me," Bowmick said.",


--DocBreak--
Additionally, the world Neufchatel Cheese market research report drops light on the different technologies, analytical tools, key methods and future trends which can speed up the performance of companies. For the specific Neufchatel Cheese industry investment, the research document on the global Neufchatel Cheese market delivers comprehensive knowledge of distinct industry segments which are helpful to combat the problems that appeared in businesses.


--DocBreak--
Landgren cartoon: Sick and tired


--DocBreak--
By Friday, Chief Mike Sack of the Sipekne'katik First Nation, confirmed he would hold talks this week with Jordan and her officials on defining what his community's moderate livelihood fishery might look like.
 And the First Nation's boats kept fishing.
 Meanwhile, Battiste and the Mi'kmaq senators met Friday at the Membertou First Nation in Cape Breton and held online discussions with Jordan and Bennett.
 Battiste, a lawyer who has taught university courses on Indigenous treaties, says he's advocating the concept of co-managed fishing systems, with Mi'kmaq representatives having a direct say in regulations. "It could be the Canada- Mi'kmaq Fishing Authority. I'm not sure if federal legislation is required," he said.
 It remains to be seen how influential the 41-year-old MP's views will be.
 Naiomi Metallic, the chair in Aboriginal law and policy at Dalhousie University, said a negotiated solution is needed that recognizes treaty rights and includes a "significant and meaningful role for Mi'kmaq management of their own fishery."
 She said to date the DFO response has been an initiative to provide commercial licences to some Mi'kmaq communities willing to participate, but it hasn't settled the issue of a moderate livelihood fishery under Indigenous control.
 "Canada has been dragging and dragging its feet at the negotiation table and people are fed up," she said.
 Bartibogue, who now holds a commercial licence, said his community accepted the DFO licences after years of battles, but he said the push for more control will continue.
 He said his community just completed a two-week "treaty fishery" where he estimated about 500 traps were set for a total lobster catch of approximately 20,000 pounds.
 "We basically did like what they're doing in St. Marys' Bay .... We just finished it yesterday and it went off pretty well," he said.
 Battiste wouldn't speculate on how large a moderate livelihood fishery for his people would be.
 "We will work with the government to figure out what is possible .... At the end of the day, we can't have continued hostilities on the water that flare up like this," he said.
 This report by The Canadian Press was first published Sept. 27, 2020.


--DocBreak--
He produced a one-two for Hudson-Odoi to add a second goal as Timo Werner struggled despite playing 90 minutes. Chelsea eventually equalised through a goal involving all three academy players, with Hudson-Odoi's excellent cross coming to Mount whose shot was tapped home on the rebound by Tammy Abraham.


--DocBreak--
“Today, they were better,” he said. “They won the game. LeBron was amazing.”


--DocBreak--
As Bruce and Abby play, they also talk. They learn whatever had happened in each other's lives all these years. But in one instance, Abby loses concentration and her character dies in the game. Bruce then reminds her how she had played the game one night without him leading to Babby's death. But Abby says that she killed Babby intentionally because she was mad. She had learned that Bruce's dad was having an affair with Abby's single mom. Finally, the friends sort out their differences and try to save Babby together. Although they are unable to resurrect him, they are successful in reviving their friendship.


--DocBreak--
The Bucs' defense is on a roll and the pass rush has been lethal in recent games, but this week it has to contend with perhaps the top O-Line in the NFL…Players to watch, key stats and more for Sunday's game


--DocBreak--
With support from the UN and international partners, Somalia has established the Somali Maritime Administration, which will become operational by the end of this year. The country has also assented to the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships and the Safety of Life at Sea Convention and the UN Convention on Law of the Seas, as well as enacted laws and policies to regulate the maritime sector.


--DocBreak--
The ISL, in its seventh edition, will be played behind closed doors at three venues - Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Fatorda; GMC Athletic Stadium, Bambolim; and Tilak Maidan Stadium, Vasco.


--DocBreak--
There are a lot of great ways to keep up with this season's great games, but Fubo.TV may be one of the best solutions for most people. The service offers access to CBS, NBC, FOX, NFL Network, ESPN, & RedZone, which covers nearly every single option that you need in order to be able to watch the games each week as they take place. It's more expensive than Sling, but if keeping up on all the action is important to you, this is the way to go.


--DocBreak--
This is in response to T.K. Moffett's comments on why President Trump should be re-elected. If you are going to list his so called accomplishments, you should consider the "pros" and "cons."
 The cons are that one of his cronies, Steve Bannon, took millions from "Build the Wall" donations to buy luxury SUV's, plastic surgery and such. You may say this is not what Trump has done, but they are cut from the same cloth.
 President Trump neglected the virus by saying it was going to "disappear" or it was a hoax. When Americans are dropping like flies and schools and businesses closed because of it, you have to consider that, too. Also, I saw a report that he had funneled a ton of money (campaign money) into his private business.
 By the way, I have always voted republican, the party has sold their "soul" to Trump.
 Judy Dunaway
 Mooreville


--DocBreak--
The chairman explained that governors decided to wade into the on-going negotiations with a view to broadening consultations and assisting to bring the impasse to an end, thus averting the impending strike action.


--DocBreak--
Bringing you yesterday's news from Japan and Asia, today.


--DocBreak--
Ordinary Nigerians Will Benefit In The Long Run -Lai Mohammed


--DocBreak--
"He was getting better and better. I had a little bit of a go at him halfway through the first-half for a tackle he evaded, but I think his reaction, his sharpness is getting better, he's more direct," Goal.com quoted Solskjaer as saying."You can see his confidence is getting there. Great goal and great run - and great finish for the one that was disallowed as well. And I think Marcus will really kick on this season. I'm very happy for Marcus to get that goal. He was just a couple of inches offside on a counter-attack we had, with a great cross from Mason Greenwood," he added.The goal was Rashford's first in the Premier League 2020-21 season. He had scored 22 goals in all competitions during the 2019-20 campaign.Manchester United will next lock horns with Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on October 4.",


--DocBreak--
BIAL aims to transform BLR Airport into a transportation hub that connects people and places together through various modes of transport. The airport will be connected with the sub-urban railway in a few weeks and have Metro connectivity in four years, the statement said.


--DocBreak--
Barr, who has never missed more than four games in a season, was a leader on a defense that started Sunday without seven key contributors from last season. Trying to rebuild on the fly has proven more complicated than expected, and now the Vikings will be doing so without Barr.


--DocBreak--
I still remember quite perfectly, how I always accompanied my mom or my dad whenever they wanted to go shopping, and once we arrived, I would be all excited with the people, the colors, and of course, the food that I found in the market,” says Afsheen Abbas.
 “I know how this sounds so unpleasant, compared to what the market has today, with the gigantic malls and supermarkets, but believe me the traditional market was interesting. There was so much going on within a traditional market — starting from seller preparing their goods, people negotiating, making transactions, people sitting around and laughing with their friends,” says Noor-ul-Huda Kazmi.
 “From all the unique things in the traditional market, what attracted me most was the way people intermingled, smiling, and trying to make conversations. There was a human touch; there was a relationship that had been built,” says Beenish Fatima.
 “When I wanted to pick up wheat bread and eggs for breakfast I just reknit my hair into a tidy roll, dusted the creases off my outfit and told my husband I’ll be back soon then walked down to Raja-ki-Dukan, a few yards down the road,” says Najaf Ali.
 “My Kirana shopkeeper not only spoke to me in his local Potohari language, he also knew precisely what I wanted, did a few odd jobs for me to generate goodwill and was concerned about what’s happening in my family. He opened shop at 7 am, shut at 10 pm and also home delivered on a yell from across the wall of his house,” says Irum Ali.
 “I can never think of trading this kind of comfort level for the modern-day trend of shopping in an air-conditioned mall, where impersonal touch-operated glass doors open silently and escalators carry you to even more materialistic pleasures,” adds Irum.
 “I know we were no match to the residents of today’s posh localities who identify their dresses by styles and other items by brands, but still, we were happier going to the humbly anonymous shops in the city,” says Sadaf Zahra.
 Sehrish Naqvi says: “For a woman like me the rate at which modern marketing megapolises are devouring the small, roadside Kirana and cloth shops is reason to worry. I shudder to face it, that fading signposts of a small beautiful city that my generation grew up in, are disappearing so fast that soon they will exist only in our memories.”


--DocBreak--
You do need to change wake words on a device-by-device basis, though. Whichever wake word you opt for, bear in mind that if you have enabled follow- up mode, it's disabled by default, your device will listen for another five seconds after answering and respond without a wake word being required. I've not found using this to be of much day-to-day use, if I'm honest, and certainly not worth the potential privacy penalty.


--DocBreak--
With domestic and global travel bans up in the air due to the international spread of COVID-19, there is only planning to do for curious minds in light of these restrictions. Whether you cross state lines or commute oceans away, one impact on this final decision may fall onto the promising accuracy of your zodiac sign. Find out what your next travel destination entails by following the congruencies between your lifestyle and how the stars align.


--DocBreak--
“It’s nice to have something positive that people can rally around in a time when there is so much division,” she said. “No one who comes around the cats is arguing whether cats or dogs are better, they are here because they love cats. We might not be on the same page on other topics, but it’s encouraging that we can both agree that cats are great, and we want to help them.”
 A fundraiser and sneak peek of the new facility will be hosted in-person and also virtually on Saturday from 6 to 8 p.m.
 If you go:
 Pet Pawtraits To The Rescue art show and O’Malley Cat Lounge sneak peek, hosted from 6 to 8 p.m. at 17968 FM 2493, #120, Flint.
 Social distancing and mask wearing will be enforced for the in-person event. The event is free, children are welcome, and donations are appreciated. For remote guests, a video tour of the facility and a slideshow of all the art will be posted online.
 No cats will be onsite due to the ongoing construction.
 Art buyers will be able to claim their art to take home. A designated pick-up place and time options will be available for anyone who will not be attending the event. Paintings will be mailed to distant supporters following the show.


--DocBreak--
The SAD has severed its close to a two-and-a-half-decade-old alliance with the BJP in protest against these bills.


--DocBreak--
It's not always obvious, but there is need among us. And not just at the holidays - all year. Working-class families struggling to make ends meet. Homeless students. Elderly people forced to rely on food banks.


--DocBreak--
left and right values for both. 


--DocBreak--
The two larger-than-life figures in contemporary cricket, not to speak of the IPL, have cast their influence in no uncertain terms - though his team’s exceptional record keeps Rohit Sharma a notch ahead of the Indian captain. Kohli is currently the leading rungetter in the history of the league with 5412 runs while Rohit is in third position after Suresh Raina at 4898 runs.


--DocBreak--
You can read your daily newspaper without taking a walk to the driveway.   Look back at yesterday's newspaper, or issues from months ago with our archive feature.   Call circulation at 432-337-7314 to sign up today.


--DocBreak--
Still, that doesn’t mean that the many companies ramping up products infused with the cannabis plant compounds CBD (short for cannabidiol, one of 113 cannabinoids identified in the cannabis plant) or THC (psychoactive tetrahydrocannabinol) are lying low. They know their consumer audience is eager – and ready.


--DocBreak--
Par for the Course


--DocBreak--
Submit to People in Business


--DocBreak--
Landgren cartoon: Sick and tired - Opinion - The Wellsville Daily Reporter - Wellsville, NY


--DocBreak--
partners come on board. 


--DocBreak--
Faye Brookes shows off her impressive flexibility and toned abs during workout after it's announced she will star in Dancing On Ice


--DocBreak--
Of course, everything has changed since I started writing for the newspaper. The Internet exploded, and with it, all of a sudden, the barrier to entry in opinion-giving was blasted away. Do you have an Internet connection? Then you too can broadcast your views into the world. If you’re good enough at it, if you connect with enough people, if you develop a following, you could become more popular than some horned-up fantasy football hippie.
 So with that, please meet Myrtha Jasmin - MJ, to her friends and podcast listeners alike. A 1995 graduate of Lawrence High School, MJ started a podcast earlier this year, called DearSis, in which she talks about life, love, business, and just about anything else under the sun. Each podcast - new ones drop every Wednesday - feature MJ interviewing a guest and then it goes from there.
 “DearSis was born in February 2020 and has been taking off ever since,” MJ said. “I love the podcast, it allows me to be myself. People seem to enjoy it. It’s authentic. I talk about sex, there’s controversy, everyday things. The only thing I don’t talk about is politics. I’m a very political person, but I try not to talk about politics. It upsets too many people.”


--DocBreak--
Dunmore’s Kaylie Zimmer kicks the ball to a teammate as Kathy Lopez defends at Dunmore on Friday, Sept. 25, 2020. Jake Danna Stevens / Staff Photographer


--DocBreak--
Lovejoy finally started to make some noise in the second half when a pair of beautiful deep balls from Stephin Craig to Antonio Jones and Quentavious Scandrett put them in the red zone. Two plays later, the Wildcats roared first as speedster Jakiel Middlebrook sliced through two defenders and into the end zone for the game’s first score.
 The Bulldog defense responded soon after when safety Austin Wainwright jumped a slant route in stride and strolled into the end zone for North Gwinnett’s only score.
 Despite the obvious shift in momentum, North Gwinnett still couldn’t get its offense rolling.
 Lovejoy reclaimed the lead early in the fourth quarter after a recovered fumble put the Wildcats on the Bulldog 40-yard line. One play later, Jones took a wonderfully executed reverse play to the house to go up 12-7.
 Perhaps the most obvious display of Lovejoy taking the gifts they were given came inside the final two minutes of the fourth quarter. Following an interception at the North Gwinnett 18-yard line, the Wildcats missed a 34-yard field goal attempt to go ahead by eight points. After the play, though, North Gwinnett was penalized for roughing the kicker. This gave Lovejoy the two more snaps it needed for Middlebrook to score one last time and put the Bulldogs out of reach.
 “Hats off to Lovejoy,” North head coach Bill Stewart said. “They came in here and played their tails off. At the end of the day, it comes down to focus, execution and everything else. We, as a team, have to learn from it and get better.”


--DocBreak--
"He was getting better and better. I had a little bit of a go at him halfway through the first-half for a tackle he evaded, but I think his reaction, his sharpness is getting better, he's more direct," Goal.com quoted Solskjaer as saying.
 "You can see his confidence is getting there. Great goal and great run - and great finish for the one that was disallowed as well. And I think Marcus will really kick on this season. I'm very happy for Marcus to get that goal. He was just a couple of inches offside on a counter-attack we had, with a great cross from Mason Greenwood," he added.
 Promoted
 Listen to the latest songs, only on JioSaavn.com
 The goal was Rashford's first in the Premier League 2020-21 season. He had scored 22 goals in all competitions during the 2019-20 campaign.
 Manchester United will next lock horns with Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League on October 4.


--DocBreak--
The next edition of the league is slated to start in November in three venues of Goa due to the COVID-19 pandemic. And considering that the long uncertainty has hampered team-building, Bhutia said they have to make long-term plans.
 "From the fans point of view, everyone was looking at playing the ISL this year. That has been achieved," club legend and former India captain Bhutia told PTI in an exclusive interaction from his home town in Sikkim.
 "Obviously there is going to be a challenge in terms of building the team. We should not really judge the team's performance this year," he said.
 While rivals ATK Mohun Bagan have already entered into quarantine in Goa, East Bengal are yet to announce any foreign acquisition as well as the coach.
 As of now, East Bengal have 35 players in their roster with centre-forward Balwant Singh being the only current Indian player. The rest are all youngsters or past their prime.
 Bhutia said the club would face difficulties in making up a squad and should look to build a team for the long-term.
 "All good Indian players have got long-term contracts. To build a team is going to take time because no player would be available in the market right now," he said, citing the example of Sandesh Jhingan.
 ATK Mohun Bagan inked a five-year deal with the star India defender, who was looking for a team after leaving Kerala Blasters.
 "Jhingan has just signed for five years. All top-quality players have long- term contracts with their respective clubs. I think East Bengal will have to build long-term. They will have to develop players," the 43-year-old said.
 In the current scenario, Bhutia said his former club would have to depend on the foreign recruits. Jaime Santos is currently the club's only foreigner with a long-term contract.
 The delay in appointment of the coach -- who will have the final say in roping in foreigners -- is the reason behind no overseas acquisition.
 The ISL derby will be the one to look out for and despite the setbacks in team-building, East Bengal cannot be written off for the big match, Bhutia said.
 "Derby is a different ball game. I think East Bengal should do well. The motivation and passion for a derby is at a different level, whatever may be the tournament. Emotions just soar up," Bhutia said, recollecting his 1997 Federation Cup hat-trick.
 "On paper, Mohun Bagan were way ahead. They were a very, very strong team but we defeated them," the chief architect of the famous 4-1 win, recalled.
 "Derby is totally a game of nerves. If the best players can't keep their nerves, they can't perform. It's got a lot to do with the nerves and depends on who can take the pressure well on that given day. Anything can happen."
 Having started off with East Bengal in 1992, Bhutia went on to win every single trophy with the club, including the National Football League and the ASEAN Cup in 2003.
 Hailing the inclusion of the Big Two in ISL, Bhutia said it will add a lot of star value to the league.
 "It's good to see both East Bengal and Mohun Bagan in the ISL. It's going to bring a lot of value, passion."
 "The competition and the quality of the league is going to be much higher now."
 Promoted
 Listen to the latest songs, only on JioSaavn.com
 Another East Bengal legend, Subhas Bhowmick, who coached them to the famous ASEAN Cup win, said it was just a matter of time.
 "I had already said it a month ago. It was a matter of time. ISL had to wait for us. I'm very, very happy. East Bengal club has always been like a religion to me," Bowmick said.


--DocBreak--
TALK OF THE TOWN: Give up country life? You've got to be Kidding! Jemma intends to stay close to home on Duke of Wellington's estate despite split from his son


--DocBreak--
The Houston-based conservative activist and physician Steven Hotze, she noted, has filed several lawsuits against state and local officials since the pandemic began. These include one against Abbott in July after the governor, responding to a surge in cases following his reopening of the state in May, issued an executive order that mandated masks in businesses and most public places. But Hotze's latest lawsuit, Farris continued, has more institutional backing. The other plaintiffs include six Republican lawmakers as well as Keith Nielson and Allen West, the chairs of the Harris County and state Republican parties, respectively.


--DocBreak--
Looking forward to it!' Olympian pals Colin Jackson and Graham Bell reveal they've signed up for Dancing On Ice... as they bring celebrity tally up to eight


--DocBreak--
Mohammed said that Nigeria had set up a committee to look at the impact of COVID-19 on the creative industry and tourism, with a view to finding ways to catalyse the growth of the tourism sector in particular and the creative Industry in general.


--DocBreak--
PARIS (AP) — Nearly half of France’s Senate seats are up for grabs Sunday in an election that is likely to leave the chamber dominated by conservatives and serve a new electoral blow to President Emmanuel Macron’s centrist party.


--DocBreak--
The controversy around WE Charity in Canada is opening the door to a public discussion about whether WE — and groups like it — actually help the African communities where they operate.
 Firoze Manji, the former Africa program director for Amnesty International, said one of the big problems with groups such as WE is that they aren't accountable to the people they claim to serve.
 "They are accountable to self-appointed boards," said Manji, who is originally from Kenya and is now a professor at Carleton University's Institute of African Studies. "The mythology is that they are going to fight poverty. The problem with that proposition, although it sounds very good, is that they don't deal with the causes of impoverishment."
 On Sept. 9, WE Charity said it would wind down its Canadian operations, but its for-profit affiliate, ME to WE, will remain active, as will WE Charity in the United States and the United Kingdom.
 The charity's programs in countries such as Kenya, Tanzania and Ecuador will continue "as long as possible" the organization has said.
 The precise extent and impact of those overseas programs is not easy to discern. It is clear from financial statements released by the organization and tax filings that WE's soon-to-be-shuttered Canadian programs are by far the charity's largest. In 2019, WE Charity Canada had total revenue of $65.9 million and expenses of just under $68.2 million.
 In some years, its U.S. arm has sent more money to Canada than it sent to any country in Asia, Africa or Latin America or spent on domestic programming.
 In the 2019 financial year, for example, U.S. tax filings show WE Charity U.S. spent US$7.6 million on domestic programs and US$18.8 million on "grants and other assistance to foreign organizations" — of which US$10.8 million went to WE Charity Canada.
 In 2018, WE Charity U.S. spent US$5.8 million on domestic programing with another US$6 million going to Canada. That year US$8.5 million went to Asia, Africa and Latin America.
 WE Charity said the money was sent to the Canadian office to reimburse it for work done on programs that were delivered in the United States. Staff in the organization's Global Learning Centre in Toronto "create learning curricula, organize and deliver digital programming, carry out program development, and conduct measurement and evaluation work for operations in both Canada and the U.S.," WE said in an emailed response to The Canadian Press.
 Outside of North America, Kenya was the biggest recipient of money from WE Charity U.S.
 WE did not make a representative available for an interview, but in an emailed response it included a quote attributed to the governor of Kenya's Narok County. "I can confidently say that no NGO has done more to benefit Kenya than WE Charity," Samuel K. Tunai is quoted as saying.
 Other Kenyans have a different impression.
 Karuti Kanyinga, the director of the Institute for Development Studies at the University of Nairobi said he isn't familiar with WE Charity or Free the Children, the organization's former name.
 With more than 10,000 NGOs operating in Kenya, he said it's "difficult to keep track of what any of them is doing, except if it is involved in huge advocacy work or is one of the big ones with a lot of resources to impact change at the national level."
 WE Charity doesn't appear on a list of the 50 NGOs that spend the most on programs in Kenya, released in the 2018-19 annual report of Kenya's Non- Governmental Organizations Co-ordination Board. All NGOs operating in Kenya are required to submit reports to the board.
 WE said allocations from its international program "are deployed in several ways, often directly from Canada, such that the spending may not show up as coming from the charity in Kenya itself." The organization said it also purchases medical supplies in Canada and the U.S. to send to Kenya.
 U.S. tax filings for 2019 don't show the purchase of medical supplies by the charity's U.S. arm, while filings for 2018, 2017 and 2016 show the purchase of medical supplies for Haiti, but not any other country. That sort of information for WE Charity Canada is not publicly available.


--DocBreak--
The United Way of Lackawanna and Wayne Counties says one-time donors are stepping up this year to help the organization reach its annual fundraising goal.
 “We’ve been getting quite a few of those people who have been saying ‘If not us then who?’” said President and CEO Gary Drapek. “That makes you feel really good and that’s indicative of this community.”
 While United Ways across the country are scaling back their fundraising targets, the local organization set its 2020-21 goal at $3.2 million, the same as last year. So far, the organization has raised $962,058, or 30%, of that goal, according to the campaign report.
 Contributions from employees of corporations and other entities make up between 50% and 60% of the campaign annually. With many people out of work or furloughed and the United Way not able to make its pitch in person, contributions are slow, he said.
 “We’ve gone through a lot of varied crises in the past and the people in this area just really step forward,” said Drapek.
 The organization, which began in 1921 as Community Chest of Scranton, grew out of a necessity to help residents struggling to make ends meet after the Spanish flu pandemic in 1918. More than 100 years later, United Way is hoping to hit its annual campaign’s goal to again help a community struggling during the current pandemic.
 Drapek said this year is a “perfect storm.”
 “In March, April ... the real need was food and we were really fortunate in this area that a lot of people responded,” he said. “From what I’m hearing now ... is an increase in requests for assistance with mortgages, rents and utility assistance.”
 He’s praying for a mild winter.
 “We’re kind of bracing ourselves,” he said. “There’s less amount of people who are able to give yet the requests for services have just skyrocketed.”
 The campaign usually has a designated chairman. But to celebrate the organization’s centennial, United Way brought back all of its living chairs to serve the campaign.
 Attorney Morey Myers served as chairman of the 1968 annual campaign for what was then called the Lackawanna United Fund. It was one of the most meaningful experiences of his life as he got to know the community throughout the year through more than 250 meetings with various groups.
 “The United Way still serves a very important and valuable role. It’s the single most active community effort that I know,” he said. “I hope that it continues for some quite some time.”
 He said those small, individual donations are the most important.
 “Even though their contributions were not as large as some of the major donors, they are just as meaningful,” Myers said.
 To donate, send a check to United Way of Lackawanna and Wayne Counties, 615 Jefferson Ave., Scranton, PA 18510, or visit www.uwlc.net and click the donate button.


--DocBreak--
quot;This should be done taking the state governments on board. We have to look towards modern technology to create sustainable fuel and ensure that we use battery operated vehicles, LNG, PNG, LPG in their vicinity rather than diesel and petrol vehicles,&amp;#8221; the minister said.


--DocBreak--
Tamarit Motorcycles’ Custom Triumph Bonneville Is Ready to Steal the Show


--DocBreak--
Stipendio triplicato a Tridico, Conte: "Accertamenti in corso, poi farò valutazione"


--DocBreak--
"
 Also discussed were ways to enhance GCC integration in areas related to the GCC Financial and Economic Cooperation Committee, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, and in a manner that advances the GCC’s economic cooperation and integration. This is in accordance with the directives of their Majesties and Highnesses, the leaders of the GCC countries.
 The Ministry of Finance leads the UAE’s efforts in achieving GCC economic integration, in order to strengthen the UAE’s role in the Gulf Common Market, as well as to support the state’s policy towards strengthening Gulf economic integration. The aforementioned aim to maximise positive returns for individuals and companies, and to contribute towards achieving growth and prosperity for all GCC countries.
 The meeting was attended by Younis Haji Al Khoori, Undersecretary of the Ministry of Finance, and Khalifa bin Saeed Al Abri, Assistant Secretary General for Development and Economic Affairs at the GCC Secretariat.


--DocBreak--
The atmosphere turned tense later in the afternoon and officers in soft caps were replaced by others wearing riot helmets and face shields. As some protesters shouted, “You’re part of the tyranny,” others sang, “All you need is love.”


--DocBreak--
The Premier League must step up and provide financial support to the lower league clubs whose revenues have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport DCMS secretary Oliver Dowden said on Sunday. English Football League EFL clubs in the three tiers below the Premier League rely heavily on matchday revenue, with an estimated 200 million pounds 255 million in losses forecast if games are held behind closed doors all season.


--DocBreak--
AC Milan 'working behind the scenes' to beat Leicester City to top target - report


--DocBreak--
Esteghlal fall short against Pakhtakor


--DocBreak--
Iowa State defensive end JaQuan Bailey (3) forces TCU quarterback Matthew Downing (17) to fumble the ball during a college football game on Saturday in Fort Worth. Iowa State recovered the ball.


--DocBreak--
The total area of Marghazar Zoo was 25 acres but the Wildlife Park would be established on 82 acres of land where no commercial activity would be allowed to ensure complete natural environment to the animals.
 A state-of-the-art animal field hospital would also be available where veterinary doctors would work round the clock.
 The ministry has approached wildlife experts and asked them to give their suggestions.
 A panel would shortlist the experts who would later give briefings at the climate change ministry.
 The animal food experts would give their suggestions about the food chain that would be necessary for survival of the animal species in the Wildlife Park.
 The Islamabad High Court (IHC) in May directed to shift all animals in the Marghazar Zoo to sanctuaries after emergence of reports highlighting lack of facilities and adverse living conditions for 917 animals and birds of different species.
 The IHC in its judgment observed that the conditions in which the animals of the zoo were being kept was “definitely causing distress and pain to them. There is a lack of will on the part of the federal government, the Metropolitan Corporation Islamabad (MCI) and the Islamabad Wildlife Management Board (IWMB) to take care of foreign species of animals at the zoo.”
 The spokesperson of the climate change ministry has said that the government would establish Wildlife Park in the capital city where all necessary facilities would be available to keep animals in natural living conditions.
 He said the funds have been allocated for the project but still a donor agency is interested to extend its financial support in this respect.


--DocBreak--
“We’re all very happy and I’m sure we’re going to have a great season.”
 Parejo is one of three high-profile new arrivals at Villarreal who Emery hopes will propel them back into the top four.
 After a miserable 2018/19 campaign, they finished fifth in LaLiga last season to secure a Europa League return.
 But they are knocking on the door for a return to the Champions League, a competition in which they reached the semi-finals in 2005/06.
 With Emery at the helm and new faces in the dressing room, Parejo is ready for a period of adjustment.
 And whilst a top four finish remains the goal after a summer in which frailties at Real Madrid and Barcelona have given encouragement to the chasing pack, he insists they cannot get carried away.


--DocBreak--
I first heard about the four qualities an individual should understand before they agree to join the board of directors of a nonprofit fifteen years ago. Each word begins with an F to make it easier to remember, simple yet rich in meaning.
 Over time I was fortunate to hear him describe those qualities when someone asked him how to build a strong board of directors. Sometimes he shared them when someone sought counsel as they considered an invitation to join a board. It didn’t matter whether the organization was local, national, international, small or large. The words were evergreen.
 Focus, Fidelity, Foresight and Friendship.
 Here’s a short explanation for each. Focus requires board members to understand the unique mission of the organization they lead. With fidelity, they accept the responsibility of ensuring financial accountability and sustainability of the organization.
 Foresight means tolook ahead to the future and to be strategic as the mission and vision of the organization evolves and expands. Critical thinking is essential. Ask questions and analyze answers.
 Finally, friendship means far more than meeting for lunch or catching up on vacations in the parking lot. This kind of friendship is a partnership between board members and staff. It means honest evaluation, positive criticism and respect for individual strengths and competencies.
 Successful boards work toward these four qualities. Right now, I am privileged to work with a private foundation in which these qualities shine. The ETMC Foundation was established in 2018 due to the sale of the East Texas Medical Center Regional Health Care System.
 Early this year, ETMC Foundation announced an $80 million long-term commitment establishing a University of Texas Medical School in Tyler. That was only the beginning of the work of this new foundation. An additional $1.3 million was given to 25 nonprofit organizations in East Texas.
 Grant funding included support of work in areas of mental health and substance use disorders, healthcare and childhood health and safety.
 Some organizations expanded counseling services like the Alzheimer’s Alliance, which works with caregivers and persons living with dementia. The Samaritan Counseling Center of East Texas was supported to continue affordable mental health services through telemedicine and face to face counseling. The East Texas Baptist University was funded to expand a clinical mental health counseling training program in Tyler and open a community mental health clinic.
 Bethesda Health Clinic received a grant to expand the dental and mental health services for their patients. Additionally, the East Texas Community Clinic, a federally qualified healthcare clinic, was funded for start-up in Gun Barrell City.
 St. Paul Children’s Services were funded to expand integrated mental health services for their children’s clinic. And the East Texas Council on Alcoholism and Drug Abuse is now opening a Recovery Support Services Center in Tyler.
 In addition to these highlights, ten organizations were funded to assist with specialized services as the community grappled with COVID-19. That included student emergency funds at the University of Texas at Tyler and Tyler Junior College, meal delivery at Meals on Wheels Ministry and fresh produce provided by the East Texas Food Bank. Funds were granted to the Salvation Army emergency shelter and PATH to provide rental assistance.
 The four board qualities will continue to shine as this foundation continues to work for the good of this and surrounding communities. Elam Swann, board chair, describes the mission of the ETMC Foundation as “dedicated to improving the health and quality of lives in Tyler and the surrounding East Texas communities.”
 The board is confident the funded organizations are working hard in their focus areas of mental health and substance use disorders, healthcare and childhood health and safety, and meeting immediate COVID-19 related needs.
 This is only the beginning of the ETMC Foundation story and how a board of directors works together not just to give, but to give generously and well.
 If you are a member of a board give the four F’s a try. Donors and foundations seek to give well with every hope that the nonprofits they support are endeavoring to serve well.
 Dawn Franks, the author of the e-book Giving Fingerprints, is CEO of Your Philanthropy. She provides high touch advising services to families, businesses, and foundations to enhance the giving experience and maximize impact. She writes a blog, the YP Journal, at www.your-philanthropy.com. Comments and questions are welcome. Send to info@your-philanthropy.com.


--DocBreak--
According to him, the plan by the Federal Government to establish community museums is part of efforts to ensure that local communities benefit from tourism, thus ensuring that the sector contributes to rural development.


--DocBreak--
The Core i3 processor and 4GB of memory are more than enough to handle their schoolwork and then some. That's good since the memory and storage can't be upgraded. The 715 also has amazing battery life. On our streaming video test, it ran for 16 hours, 18 minutes. With more typical use, they'll be able to get through the school day without needing to plug it in. It charges through its USB-C ports and with one on each side, it's less of an issue how close they are to an outlet.


--DocBreak--
Denise Van Outen flaunts her VERY ample cleavage in a white broderie shirt as she leaves her Cabaret show... after joining Dancing On Ice lineup


--DocBreak--
In this regard, Raja Banik of AK Block in Salt Lake pointed out that they had shifted the work to their community hall for the time being as AK Park -- where the puja is conducted each year -- was muddy. Banik stated, "As soon as the weather gets better, we shall put the components together at the park. We shall not miss the deadline," said Banik, executive member of the AK Block Puja committee.


--DocBreak--
"The IPL is a big brand and I know that if our players like Babar Azam and others get a chance to play in it they would learn to play under pressure situations. Unfortunately, due to the existing policies, our players are not getting that big platform," he said. The flamboyant all-rounder said that the reason behind the absence of Pakistani players in the IPL is not cricketing.


--DocBreak--
The Trump administration began its onslaught by blacklisting Huawei Technologies Co., preventing the giant Chinese telecommunications provider from buying components from American suppliers and pressuring allies to follow suit.


--DocBreak--
Coronation Street star Jack P Shepherd is left 'on edge' after his neighbour's home is raided by a 'gang of five' in Manchester


--DocBreak--
“We are now living from hand to mouth since the outbreak of the coronavirus. Things are very difficult in many homes.


--DocBreak--
Rhonda LaCaille, back, and Zach Hinson, front, participate in a yoga class at Yoga Hot Spot on Friday, Sept. 18, 2020 in Yakima, Wash. Masks were required to attend but students were allowed to take them off once class began.


--DocBreak--
Jacob Serebrin The Canadian Press


--DocBreak--
Even with a triple camera setup, the Oppo Reno 4 Pro 5G has the slightest camera bump on the back of the device


--DocBreak--
According to the programme, about 200 families would be taken to Khanpur Dam for a number of tourism activities by the KP-CTA.
 The tourists would be provided with transport facility from and to Peshawar and Khanpur Dam besides a promotional buffet package, including chicken karahi, BBQ chicken tikka, seikh kabab, mabali special rice, daal makhani, vegetable, chicken jalfrezi, salad, bean salad, rita, mabali special chatni, cold drink, water, Gulab Jaman and a free boat ride for only Rs1650 per head. The families would also experience adventure tourism to beat the waves during boat trip and rafting in the lake.
 Zip-lining, air-gun shooting, swimming, wake tubing, jetski ride and traditional music and foods are also part of the joyful excursion.
 The families would also enjoy hiking, trekking, musical chair and other funny games during the daylong trip to the tourist resort.
 The KP-CTA is also arranging air balloon and R C plane shows for the tourists and magical shows for the children to mark the World Tourism Day in a befitting manner.
 Swat Air festival is another segment of tourism activities, which would kick off in the second week of October.
 The activities include paragliding, hang-gliding, paramotor flying, ultralight flying, microlight flying, drone flying, aeromodelling and others.
 Rang de Galiyat is also on the list to kick start tourism activities in Hazara Division. The festival will showcase painting, bonfire, live music, live BBQ and traditional cuisines.
 Awareness drive through posters, pamphlets and signboards about the tourism activities in the 10 districts of the province has been launched.
 Installation of machinery for cleanliness and establishment of Rescue 1122 stations in Takhtbhai, Galiyat, Thandiani, Kumrat, Shogran and Kalash are also on the cards under the KITE project. Study tours for both male and female students of the schools and colleges have been arranged to visit Peshawar Museum so they could know about the history and heritage of the province and people.
 World Tourism Day is commemorated each year on September 27. Its purpose is to foster awareness among the international community of the importance of tourism and its social, cultural, political and economic value.
 The United Nation World Tourism organisation (UNWTO) has designated 2020 as the “Year of Tourism and Rural Development”.
 This year is an opportunity to promote the potential of tourism to create jobs and opportunities.


--DocBreak--
PARIS (AP) -- Nearly half of France's Senate seats are up for grabs Sunday in an election that is likely to leave the chamber dominated by conservatives and serve a new electoral blow to President Emmanuel Macron's centrist party.


--DocBreak--
In the long run, he said, many buyers end up spending less on their vehicles because they don't pay for gas and regular maintenance. With no internal combustion engine, electric cars have far fewer moving parts to break down.


--DocBreak--
Ohde/face to face/face to face/www.globallookpress.com


--DocBreak--
MINSK (UrduPoint News / Sputnik - 27th September, 2020) Police in the Belarusian capital of Minsk have conducted the first arrests over administrative offenses ahead of yet another unauthorized anti-government rally, Natallya Hanusevich, a spokeswoman for the police department of the Minsk City Executive Committee, told Sputnik on Sunday.
 The Belarusian opposition has scheduled a new rally in Minsk on the back of a month-long unceasing protest activity. The security services have stepped up presence in the city in this regard.
 "Several people have already been detained as part of an administrative process. Police calls on citizens to ignore provocations and refrain from attending unauthorized mass gatherings," Hanusevich said.
 A Sputnik correspondent reported from Minsk that special security forces had blocked the Prospekte Pobeditelei avenue leading to the residence of the Belarusian president, Alexander Lukashenko, and installed barriers around the building.


--DocBreak--
Becton has adjusted to the pro game more quickly than I expected, especially without the benefit of spring practice or preseason contests. And it’s understandable that Jets’ fans need some hope at this point. But it might be wise to paraphrase the legendary former coach Bill Parcells and say, let’s not put him in Canton yet, folks. Becton, no doubt, looks like he could be that shutdown left tackle, and road grader in the running game that teams covet. But there figure to be hiccups and opposing defenders will begin adjusting to him, forcing him to make counter-adjustments.  


--DocBreak--
The ISL, in its seventh edition, will be played behind closed doors at three venues - Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Fatorda; GMC Athletic Stadium, Bambolim; and Tilak Maidan Stadium, Vasco. East Bengal's arch rivals Mohun Bagan, after its merger with ATK, will also make its debut in this ISL season.


--DocBreak--
Mr Fayemi said that the governors’ forum decided to join the ongoing negotiations with a view to broadening consultations and assisting to bring the impasse to an end, hence averting the impending strike.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 99¢ per month. Save 90%
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 99¢ per month. Save 90%
 News Sports Business Life & Events Granville Sentinel Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 OPINION
 # Veterans column: Scott brings home a souvenir during Civil War
 Doug Stout
 Guest Columnist
 William ‘Scotty” Scott was promoted on Dec. 21, 1862, to 1st Lieutenant in the First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. Just 10 days later, the regiment would be in a fight for its life.
 In the book “Four Years in the Saddle — history of the First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry 1861-1865” by W.L. Curry, there are two conflicting stories of what happened to Scottie on at the Battle of Stones River, Tennessee Dec. 31, 1862. His writing of the battle and Scottie’s involvement and the recollection of Captain John P. Rhea found later in the book differ ever so slightly, neither one can be proven.
 In the history of the battle, the first had been under fire most of the day. That afternoon the rebel cavalry was so close to the fleeing infantry, according to Curry’s account, “they were using their revolvers.” One of Colonel Minor Millikin’s ultimate ambitions was to lead the first OVC in a saber charge, Curry wrote, “now the supreme opportunity arrived. His men were falling around him, Major [D.A.B.] Moore had been mortally wounded early in the day by a shell as the regiment was maneuvering for position, and W.H. Scott had been severely wounded in attempting to capture a rebel flag. In order to save the regiment Milliken, “raising in his stirrups gave the command, ‘Charge’! On they go striking the rebel lines, cutting right and left, leaving a swathe behind of wounded and killed intermingled the blue and gray. On they went cutting a line the full length of the regiment sweeping everything before them, penetrating clear through the rebel line, and there was a fearful struggle when the shock came and melee was on, with it’s confusion, fighting, yelling, cursing, horses and men falling, sabers flashing, revolvers cracking, horses and men struggling in a confused mass and going down together.”
 The battle lasted but a few minutes as the first pushed the rebels back approximately a quarter-mile. However, they were alone. The enemy recovered enough from the initial charge to rally and began to encircle the 1st. Colonel Millikin ordered the retreat. The regiment was fighting hand to hand and Millikin was no exception. In close combat with Private John Bowers of Company K of the Texas Rangers, Millikin was shot in the neck by Bowers. Curry wrote the Colonel “fell from his horse with saber in hand and died without a struggle.” The first fought their way out at a loss of 31 killed and wounded and approximately 100 taken prisoner.
 Where was Scottie? In Captain Rhea’s remembrance of the charge, he reported that Scottie rode into battle next to the colonel, stating he “rode like a centaur upon the enemy’s lines” and “received a terrible wound in the groin. A moment later, as he lay in his blood, he saw his colonel and best friend fall a few feet away.”
 Whether Scottie was wounded earlier in the day or during the charge itself, we cannot say for sure. We do know from his records that he received a wound that kept him in the hospital until April of 1863. On April 10, he was granted a furlough to return to Newark. In his possession on the train was a prize that soldiers of both sides valued more than their lives. Scottie was bringing home his captured Confederate flag.
  _Doug Stout is the Veterans Project Coordinator for the Licking County Library. You may contact him at 740-349-5571 or dstout@lickingcountylibrary.org_
 Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter E-Edition Storytellers Archives RSS Feeds
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Education Moonlighting Reviewed 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.newarkadvocate.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
Ward’s status will be something to monitor if the Browns want to contain Football Team wide receiver Terry McLaurin. Since Washington drafted McLaurin last season, he is its only receiver to record 100 yard receiving yards in a game. So if you contain McLaurin, you can probably contain the Redskins’ passing offense.


--DocBreak--
Cloudy early, then off and on rain showers for the afternoon. Thunder possible. High around 70F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%..


--DocBreak--
Tamika Palmer, the mother of Breonna Taylor, right, listens to a news conference, Friday, Sept. 25, 2020, in Louisville, Ky. Family attorney Ben Crump is calling for the Kentucky attorney general to release the transcripts from the grand jury that decided not to charge any of the officers involved in the Black woman's death. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)


--DocBreak--
“We are waiting for funds from the federal government to make the IHRA functional,” IHRA Board Chairman Dr Syed Fazle Hadi told The News, when contacted.
 In the last two days of the previous financial year, he said the IHRA was provided seed money of around Rs90 million. “We could hurriedly spend only a part of it but had to return the remainder as the funds lapsed due to the close of the fiscal year.”
 Dr Hadi said the IHRA had rented a floor of the Pakistan Red Crescent building and purchased some vehicles. “In the current ongoing financial year, the IHRA has not been provided any funds whatsoever.” He said the IHRA advertised posts and received nearly 800 applicants for different positions. These are being scrutinized, and the short-listed aspirants will be interviewed by the IHRA board.
 “We are just 10 percent functional, and hope to be working to our capacity only after we get the requisite funds,” Dr Hadi said. “We have asked for a good amount of funds and expect to get some Rs120 million. We will then be able to employ about 60 people.”
 The IHRA board head said that the issue of funds has been brought to the notice of Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Health Dr Faisal Sultan, who, he said, has asked the finance ministry to provide the money. Dr Hadi said a number of technical committees would be constituted for the inspection of hospitals, ordinary clinics, dental facilities etc.
 As per the law, the IHRA is mandated to monitor, check and register the working and functioning of thousands of private clinics, hospitals, nursing homes, laboratories, public sector medical facilities and health professionals. It will receive complaints from the general public and take action against them.
 The law enacted in May 2018 to establish the IHRA on the pattern of similar provincial forums, provided that the federal body would be established within one month. The act armed it with sweeping powers and functions.
 The IHRA has been given powers and functions to maintain a register of all healthcare establishments, set standards for registration and licensing of healthcare establishments, register all healthcare establishments, health professionals and equipment, and issue licence for defining the scope and extent of healthcare services to be provided by healthcare establishments.
 The regulator has been empowered to enforce minimum standards of safety for patients, healthcare professionals and other staff in a healthcare establishment; regulate healthcare establishments in accordance with standards and notified practices; prepare and issue notified practices as a guiding document for service provision in healthcare establishments; inquire and investigate into violation of any of the provisions of this law by any healthcare facility.
 The law says no healthcare establishment will render any healthcare service unless it is registered with the registration board. No such establishment will give any healthcare services for which it is not licensed.
 No healthcare professional will provide healthcare services in a healthcare establishment unless he or she has a prior registration. A healthcare professional will get himself registered with the IHRA for rendering services in a healthcare establishment and no healthcare professional will render services in a field in which he is not registered.
 The IHRA has the powers to investigate the complaints relating to healthcare establishments, healthcare professionals, healthcare services and medical negligence. It will define the kinds of complaints, categories of different kinds of medical negligence and mal-administration, malpractice and failure in provision of healthcare services. The recognized and known complications of a medical or surgical treatment will not be considered medical negligence.
 The regulator will develop and put in place various policies and measures to ensure elimination of quackery; prepare and issue regulations, guidelines, instructions and directives to ensure implementation of this law and notified practices; and collaborate with international and national institutions, organizations and companies to secure their assistance, cooperation and support for improvement of healthcare establishments for provision of healthcare services.


--DocBreak--
Western Wayne’s Zane Janiszewski reacts in the final moments of a Wildcats victory at Dunmore during a Week 9 football game on Friday, Oct. 18, 2019. Christopher Dolan / Staff Photographer


--DocBreak--
Inside Victoria and David Beckham's £3,430 German detox retreat: Couple hike in the Black Forest, have custom menus and oxygen inhalation sessions


--DocBreak--
He said there could be a different way to arrive at the same result as the legislature and Labour are on the same page, pleading for more time.


--DocBreak--
PORTLAND (AP) — Law enforcement declared an unlawful assembly late Saturday, forcing protesters from downtown Portland, Oregon, and making several arrests, just hours after demonstrations earlier in the day ended without many reports of violence.Hundreds of people were gathered downtown in Oregon’s largest city when the unlawful assembly was announced just before midnight by the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office. Images showed protesters crowded in and around a park near the Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse — the same courthouse that had been the scene of nightly unrest over the summer. A protester was seen burning an American flag.Earlier, protesters had shot fireworks at police. Video posted by KOIN-TV showed officers warn that protesters who hurl projectiles will be subject to arrest.Several arrests were made, according to reporters at the scene, but a specific number was not immediately available. The unrest came just hours after a right-wing rally and counterprotesters largely dispersed without serious violence. Although, police were investigating an assault after one person who was documenting the event was pushed to the ground and kicked in the face.Separately, police said a criminal citation was issued after officials confiscated firearms, paintball guns, baseball bats and shields from a pick-up truck that was initially stopped for having obscured license plates as it left the rally.Oregon State Police Superintendent Travis Hampton and Multnomah County Sheriff Mike Reese praised the minimal violence in a joint statement late Saturday.“Our Unified Command worked well to prevent violence before it started,” Hampton said in the statement. “Law enforcement officers performed a number of traffic stops and took weapons off the streets.”“On Saturday, Oregonians denounced hate, racism and violence,” Reese stated, adding that, “the Unified Command was able to help keep the peace.”Several hundred people, dozens of them wearing militarized body armor, gathered to support President Donald Trump and his “law and order” reelection campaign Saturday afternoon. The attendance was far fewer than the 10,000 organizers had expected after tensions boiled over nationwide following the decision not to charge officers in Louisville, Kentucky, for killing Breonna Taylor. Organized by the Proud Boys, a group that has been designated as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center, the rally was described as a free speech event to support Trump and police and condemn anti-fascists and “violent gangs of rioting felons” in the streets.Local and state elected officials condemned the event and rushed to shore up law enforcement ranks as left-wing groups organized several rallies to oppose the Proud Boys' message. About 1,000 counter-protesters gathered at another park.The events began at noon and were largely dispersed by 3 p.m.The rally came as Portland has seen nearly nightly protests since the police killing of George Floyd in late May.___Associated Press photographer John Locher contributed to this report. Ho reported from Seattle.Copyright 2020 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
Cyprus new route for migrants prepared to ‘die at sea’


--DocBreak--
The documentary begins a narration of Oklahoma Sooners gymnast Maggie Nichols practicing at her university’s gym. She speaks about the rush and sensation she feels whenever she is competing. Nichols was one of the top elite gymnasts in 2015 who was getting ready to compete to earn her spot on the National Team for the Rio de Janeiro Olympics. Nichols did not make the team because her coach reported Nassar to USA Gymnastics (USAG) when Nichols talked about what Nassar had done to her.  


--DocBreak--
Book a spot on the Tananka Farms website. They also provide a curbside pick-up and drive-thru option on Saturdays and Sundays for those still feeling extra cautious about being in a wagon with other people.


--DocBreak--
Bianca Austin speaks during a news conference, Friday, Sept. 25, 2020, in Louisville, Ky. Breonna Taylor's family attorney Ben Crump is calling for the Kentucky attorney general to release the transcripts from the grand jury that decided not to charge any of the officers involved in the Black woman's death. (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)


--DocBreak--
KENWOOD — A perfect season remains intact for another week, and the same is true for a winless one.
 The Penns Manor Comets continued their successful start to the 2020 campaign against the winless Purchase Line Red Dragons in a 23-8 victory. The Comets hold a 3-0 record for the first time since achieving a perfect regular season in 2015.
 Along with Homer-Center, Marion Center, and Northern Cambria, the Comets remain as one of the four undefeated teams in the Heritage Conference.
 The victory expressed a sharp turnaround from their performance against Purchase Line in 2019, when the Comets surrendered five touchdowns to running back Josh Syster. This time the Comets immediately made it clear that Syster’s night would be far less successful. He totaled 112 yards on 21 carries, earning 52 of them on a single touchdown run in the third quarter.
 “The ‘D’ just stepped it up tonight,” Penns Manor coach Bill Packer said. “Any time you hold Syster to scoring one time, that’s a nice job. The kids stepped up and played physical.”
 The Red Dragons received the opening kickoff, starting from the 38 yard-line. The drive marked the first of a trio of three-and-outs suffered in the first quarter.
 Although the Comets entered Purchase Line’s territory two times, both drives were unsuccessful. They were first positioned to attempt a fourth-and-3 conversion from the 45-yard line, but a penalty forced them into a punt.
 Three plays into their next possession, the Red Dragons forced a fumble by Ashton Courvina and recovered the ball at midfield. The scoreless quarter ended with both teams combining for 40 total yards and four punts.
 The Red Dragons began the second quarter with another punt to the Comets. A 15-yard completion to Dimitri Lieb moved Penns Manor inside the 40-yard line. They reached the Red Dragons’ 25 before facing another fourth down. From there, sophomore quarterback Max Hill scrambled out of the pocket and threw to the end zone, where Lieb made the touchdown-scoring catch while facing tight defensive coverage. Lieb’s reception on the two-point attempt gave the Comets an 8-0 lead early in the second quarter.
 Purchase Line presented a different offensive look on its next possession. Junior quarterback Jayce Brooks moved into a receiver position and Josh Syster shifted to quarterback in the wildcat formation.
 The adjustment initially showed promising signs when Syster ran with a direct snap for a 28-yard gain on third down. But the Dragons eventually punted back to the Comets after failing to continue their push inside opposing territory.
 Penns Manor began a late second-quarter drive with a 20-yard completion to Lieb, followed by an additional 27 rushing yards by Courvina on the following two plays. The drive came to an end after an intended deep pass to Lieb fell incomplete. Time expired during Purchase Line’s possession, and the Comets’ 8-0 lead remained in place at halftime.
 The Comets punted away their first possession of the third quarter. The Red Dragons started from midfield, and Syster turned in his biggest play of the night on third-and-3. Taking the ball from the 48-yard line, Syster ran to the sideline and outraced the Comets’ defense to score a 52-yard touchdown. He also scored the two-point conversion to tie the game at 8-8.
 After both teams exchanged punts, the Comets started their next drive from their 45-yard line. Facing third-and-4, Courvina met a blockade of Red Dragons behind the line of scrimmage but somehow escaped and gained enough yardage to keep the possession alive. After seven consecutive runs moved Penns Manor to the 20-yard line, Hill was forced out of bounds by Syster for a loss of 11 yards, setting up a fourth-and-13 situation.
 On another fourth-down play, Hill was quickly met by heavy defensive pressure. He scrambled to buy himself time and threw to his older brother, Austin, who pulled in the pass and ran untouched into the end zone for a 30-yard touchdown. Justin Marshall’s successful extra-point attempt moved the Comets to a 15-8 advantage at the start of the fourth quarter.
 “We knew we had to make a play,” Penns Manor center Parker Clayton said. “I think we made a good pocket for (Max). He pulled out to the right and just made an awesome throw, and Austin made an awesome catch.”
 An already-urgent situation for the Red Dragons became disastrous on the second play of their next series. Syster’s pass to running back Mello Sanchez on second-and-9 from the 21-yard line was completed, but linebacker Cole Cunningham stripped the ball, and Jae Karlinsey made the recovery. The turnover initiated a six-play drive for the Comets, with Courvina scoring on a 7-yard run.
 Hill was temporarily sidelined with an injury during the drive but returned to the game on the Comets’ next possession several minutes later.
 With seven minutes remaining, Purchase Line’s chance to engineer a comeback quickly hung in the balance on fourth-and-7. Isaac Huey became the quarterback for the play, but his pass went too high for the intended receiver.
 Hill completing his night with 10 completions for 137 yards and a pair of touchdowns. The Comets entered the game with 88 passing yards combined in their first two victories.
 Packer pointed to a key on both sides of the ball for the Comets.
 “We have a lot more speed this year,” Packer said. “And with that speed, we’re getting in the backfield and stopping them from getting anything going. I just thought that we did a great job on Syster, and you know he’ll get his yards, but just a great overall defensive effort.”
 Meanwhile, Purchase Line coach Matt Falisec continues to search for answers. The Dragons could not counter Penns Manor’s passing game and settled for all of its 144 yards on the ground.
 “Right now, we’re a one-trick pony,” he said. “We need a couple guys to step up and help us out. We’re struggling to find our way on offense.”
 Next week, the Comets will visit the 2-0 Homer-Center Wildcats, whose scheduled game against Marion Center was postponed indefinitely.
 Purchase Line will seek its first victory against Saltsburg, which claimed its first win Friday night, 32-6 over Blairsville.


--DocBreak--
Answering journalist’s queries during a ceremony held in connection with joining of JI by Tehreek-e-Tabdeeli-e-Nizam Party President Chaudhary Tauseef along with hundreds of workers at Mansoora, the JI chief also demanded that the issue must be thoroughly discussed in the parliament and the Kashmiri leadership should also be taken into confidence before giving provincial status to GB.
 JI Naib Ameer Liaqat Baloch and other leaders also spoke on the occasion and welcomed Chaudhary Tauseef to the party folds. “The entire struggle of the Jamaat-e-Islami revolves around the objective of transferring Pakistan into a true Islamic welfare state,” said Senator Siraj. He said the people of Pakistan had already tested all the political parties which did nothing during their tenures except ruining the country’s economy, destroying institutions and damaging its ideological boundaries.
 Similarly, he said, the military dictators ruled the country for over 37 years and played with the fate of the people. He said the successive military rules and so-called democratic set-ups paid no attention to change the fate of the common man but the ruling elite only focused on amassing wealth by looting the country’s resources. He said over 70 years had passed but the masses witnessed no change in their lives. He said the PTI proved the last party which deceived the masses in the name of change. He said the present government snatched everything from the masses and left them in miserable condition in past 26 months. The prices of medicines, flour, sugar, electricity and other essential items have touched the skies, thousands have lost their jobs and every sector is on the verge of collapse, he said, adding the masses now wanted to get rid of the ruling elite and demanded for a system based on the true principles of Islam. He said the JI was the only party which could put the country on path to development if voted to power.
 Senator Siraj said the JI would continue to play its role as a real opposition party and would never hesitate to fight for the public issues.


--DocBreak--
"One duck doesn't make you a bad player. I need to probably up my game and get a few runs," Karthik said at the post-match presentation ceremony. He added, "Always good to get on board. We have been working really hard. I think one of the advantages of having all-rounders and it is a privilege to use them whenever I can."


--DocBreak--
My research was done at the National Museum, which contains artefacts, cultural objects and Ghanaian artists' paintings. The National Museum is the largest and oldest museum in Ghana. Built in 1975, it is a leading heritage tourism destination particularly for African-Americans who trace their family roots to Ghana.


--DocBreak--
While there will be certain brownie points at stake if their race for highest scorer further hots up, but there are no prizes for guessing that Kohli will be more keen to end the RCB’s 12-year itch by putting their name on the glittering trophy for the first time. And there could be no better launching pad than by getting a headstart by winning the marquee clash on Monday.


--DocBreak--
If you're looking for gourmet salt for yourself or as a gift, we've curated a list of 11. Whether it's fleur de sel or a great sea salt blend, find it here.


--DocBreak--
When David Fowler reserved the downtown Tyler square for Saturday, he had no clue it would be part of an international prayer movement.
 Fowler had originally reserved the square for the March for Jesus event, an event dedicated to spreading the message of love and Christianity by marching through downtown and praying. However, when Fowler got the call that another Christian group wanted to use the downtown square for their own international prayer and revival event called The Return, he hopped on board.
 “So they called me, and I said ‘Oh, that’s why the Lord had me reserve it,’” said Fowler.
 The local event describes itself on its Facebook page as “a day of prayer, repentance and revival for our families, communities and our nation." The Return happened as a local simulcast prayer event broadcast in real time with the international event on the National Mall in Washington DC.
 Local church and ministry leaders led the outdoor revival service on the Tyler square part of the time, while other portions of the event were live streamed on a screen to the Tyler audience from the National Mall.
 As indicated by Fowler relinquishing his reservation to the downtown square, Fowler says his main focus is unity in the church.
 “We want to continue this, we just want this to just be another start for revival on the square. You know, going forward, to continue to see the body of Christ to come together in one accord and to celebrate Jesus,” said Fowler.
 Russ Hambly, one of the attendees, said that he was there so he could represent Jesus Christ to the community.
 “He has done so much for me and my life. He straightened out my feet as a kid, he healed me from epilepsy and all kinds of things wrong with me that should have killed me,” said Hambly. “I shouldn’t have survived past a year, but here I stand forty-nine years later because of God. And because of all the things He has done for me, I want Him to do that for someone else.”
 The international event included many well-known Christian leaders and speakers including US Secretary Ben Carson, Anne Graham Lotz, Franklin Graham, James Dobson, Jonathon Cahn, and Don Moen.
 The event stated on its website that its goal was to promote international prayer and repentance. Hundreds of people attended the event as it continued through the afternoon.


--DocBreak--
The First Nations policing program started in 1991 to fund policing agreements between the federal government, provincial or territorial governments, and First Nation or Inuit communities to deliver policing services to these communities.
 “There are some First Nation police services that have been in existence for over 50 years, so we are successful in what we do,” Swamp said.
 There are two types of policing agreements under the program.
 The first are self-administered police service agreements, where a First Nation or Inuit community creates, manages its own police service under its provincial policing legislation.
 The second involves standing services, including Ontario Provincial Police and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, being contracted to provide policing services to a First Nation or Inuit community.
 Thefederal government contributes 52 per cent of the funding to the First Nations policing program and the provincial and territorial governments contribute the rest. It provides policing services for almost 60 per cent of First Nation and Inuit communities.
 In 2018-2019, Public Safety Canada spent over $146 million through the program to support 1,322 police officer positions in over 450 First Nation and Inuit communities.
 But the funding for the First Nations policing services is not consistent, said Swamp.
 “Our funding agreements are for between two to five years at a time,” he said, adding that most other non-Indigenous services, such as the RCMP, is funded for an extended period of time.
 The short-term funding makes it harder to plan.
 “As leader of the police service, it’s hard for me to create a strategic plan for the future of our community, the future for policing, when I can't even guarantee the existence of our police service funding," he said.
 Swamp said that despite the limited funding, First Nations police services are effective in investigating violent and other crimes using their limited resources.
 “Our front-line officers become more specialized in doing criminal investigation,” he said.
 “They can't pass it off to another officer in a specialized unit, such as a crime officer … so an officer has to pretty much do the entire investigation from A to Z.”
 This report by The Canadian Press was first published Sept. 26, 2020.
 \---
 This story was produced with the financial assistance of the Facebook and Canadian Press News Fellowship.


--DocBreak--
This is not only a tasty sample set, it’s good looking to boot. The set comes with six different salt blends.


--DocBreak--
The roadless rule has been in effect since 2001, when President Clinton barred the construction of roads in 58.5 million acres of undeveloped forest across the country, which applied to more than half of the Tongass. In 2018, then- Alaska Governor Bill Walker initiated the lengthy process through USFS to plan modest changes to the roadless rule specific to the Tongass. But after a brief private meeting between President Trump and Alaska Governor Mike Dunleavy aboard Air Force One in June 2019, Trump ordered his administration to lift all protections from the forest. The release of Friday’s final environmental review green lights that plan. The final Record of Decision, the last step in the process to lift restrictions, is expected to come down from the administration in early October.


--DocBreak--
LINDALE — Before the game Lindale handed out awards and crowned a homecoming queen.
 Then the Eagles put on a royal performance to the tune of a 62-21 District 9-4A Division win over the Mabank Panthers at Eagle Stadium.
 The Eagles were hitting all cylinders en route the victory.
 Quarterback Sam Peterson had perfect touch on the ball when called for and a laser throw when needed. He tossed five TD passes -- two to Jacob Seekford (15, 26 yards) and one each to Evan Alford (32), Case Brooks (46) and Jordan Jenkins (17).
 Peterson connected on 14 of 18 passing attempts for 254 yards.
 Jenkins, the powerful and speedy back, rushed for 164 yards on 15 carries, scoring on a lightning TD run of 42 yards and a bulling 3-yard run.
 Lindale (3-2, 1-0) had two spectacular special teams play -- a blocked punt by a convocation Eagles led by Corey Sanders that was recovered in the end zone by Colton Widemon for the TD and a 70-yard kickoff return by Airik Williams.
 Williams had to catch his breath after the long run as he is the holder for Landon Love on PATs. Williams had a perfect hold as Love was perfect on the night with 7 of 7 on extra point attempts.
 The offensive line for Lindale -- Luke Sandifer, Yahir Soto, Will Hutchens, Moses Medrano and Nic Beitel -- paved the way for the Eagles' 443 yards total yards.
 The running Panthers (3-2, 0-1) were led by Marcus Pruitt who rushed for 154 yards on 16 carries. He a 66-yard yard TD dash.
 Jordan Nguyen scored on a 1-yard run with Kirby Hargett hauling in a 33-yard TD pass from Dahltyn McKinnley. Kieran McDonald booted the PATs.
 Before the game, Marleigh Thurman was crowded homecoming queen.
 Dr. Wendell Hand, was awarded the Distinguished Alumni Award and longtime coach Jack Johnson, who was instrumental in helping upgrade the Lindale athletic facilities and running the middle school program was honored with the Distinguished Service Award.
 On Oct. 2, Lindale visits Chapel Hill and Mabank hosts Palestine.


--DocBreak--
I took my mom to the now combined Dublin and Wineworks parking lot for drinks and appetizers one night and the outdoor dining experience was no different than the usual fabulous food and service we are used to. Eating in the open air made us both feel more at ease and our server wore protective gear and was doing everything by the book when it came to cleaning tables and keeping her distance from us and other customers. The décor made us forget we were in a parking lot and it kept the same classy impression as it always has.


--DocBreak--
I am a native Tylerite and I grew up reading the Tyler Morning Telegraph and The Tyler Courier-Times. My parents took both the morning and afternoon papers. I came to work here 35 years ago at the age of 23, right after college.


--DocBreak--
Pandemic creates ripple in business for Budget Septic and Drain


--DocBreak--
Dozens gathered on the square in Tyler for The Return prayer and revival event.


--DocBreak--
Mikel Arteta's Gunners have been starved of title glory for a while now - but things could be changing as a new-look Arsenal side plot a course to success.
 You won't miss a single thing on their journey if you sign up for the brilliant new Mirror Football newsletter, either!
 From the latest transfer news to the agenda-setting stories, get it all in your email inbox.
 New signings Willian and Gabriel Magalhaes both hit the ground running against Fulham but Mikel Arteta is still on the lookout for new signings. Lyon midfielder Houssem Aouar and Brentford keeper David Raya are two of the names on their radar.
 Want to sign up and follow Arteta's journey? Put your email at the top of this article or follow the instructions on this link.


--DocBreak--
In addition to the macro-economic factors that drive the global market, the market divulges micro-economic factors, diving into each individual segment such as geographical, end-use segments, and products, among others, and studies each of the segments with respect to different geographies. The geography-specific insights paint a crystal clear picture of the growth of every individual segment studied in the report, thereby enabling regional market players to leverage the trends in the region.


--DocBreak--
Gov. Greg Abbott can’t catch a break these days. Texans on both sides of the aisle have been frustrated by his handling of the coronavirus pandemic. His approval rating on the subject has dropped from 61 percent in April to 38 percent in July, according to a survey by four major universities. Still, it’s a bit surprising to see a sitting Republican governor, re-elected by a double-digit margin in 2018, on the receiving end of a lawsuit from legislators in his own party. “In a crisis, you usually see this kind of rally-around-the-flag effect, and we’re not,” observed Emily Farris, a political scientist at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth. The Houston- based conservative activist and physician Steven Hotze, she noted, has filed several lawsuits against state and local officials since the pandemic began. These include one against Abbott in July after the governor, responding to a surge in cases following his reopening of the state in May, issued an executive order that mandated masks in businesses and most public places. But Hotze’s latest lawsuit, Farris continued, has more institutional backing. The other plaintiffs include six Republican lawmakers as well as Keith Nielson and Allen West, the chairs of the Harris County and state Republican parties, respectively. “It seems like there’s really a deterioration between Abbott and the rest of his party,” Farris said. That’s putting it mildly. The new lawsuit, filed Wednesday, takes aim at the governor’s July executive order extending the early-voting period by six days. Abbott has ordered early voting to start on Oct. 13, instead of Oct. 19, and continue until Oct. 30. The move seems like a sage one, given that the...


--DocBreak--
If you have ever been to a traditional wedding setting in India or seen one, you would notice how henna plays a significant role in their marital bliss.


--DocBreak--
IPL 2020, Live Cricket Scores, RR Vs KXIP, Sharjah: Jos Buttler, Chris Gayle In Battle Of Big Hitters


--DocBreak--
Indoor cinemas, performance venues, arcades, bingo halls, bowling alleys, indoor climbing facilities and trampoline parks — which have been operating in less-populated northern counties since June — can reopen statewide starting Oct. 9. They must limit occupancy to ensure 6 feet of distance between non- household members.
 Whitmer revised a 10-person limit for indoor social gatherings and events in much of Michigan to allow bigger crowds in non-residential venues like banquet halls — 20 people per 1,000 square feet or 20% of fixed seating capacity, with a maximum of 500 people in the largest venues. Outdoor gatherings and events, limited to 100 people in southern counties, can have 30 people per 1,000 square feet at a non-residential venue or 30% of seating capacity— up to 1,000 people.
 Whitmer, a Democrat who has gradually reopened the economy over many months, said she took some of the most aggressive steps in the country to curb the deadly virus in the spring, when it hit and threatened to overwhelm Detroit- area hospitals. More than 7,000 confirmed or probable deaths have been linked to COVID-19, though the death rate is well below what it was in April and May. The state is faring better than its neighbors, enabling movie theaters and entertainment venues to reopen, she said.
 Michigan's per-capita rate of new confirmed cases, which has been rising, in the past two weeks ranks 11th-lowest among states, according to an Associated Press analysis of data from Johns Hopkins University. The COVID Tracking Project, which the AP uses to track testing, says the state's seven-day average positivity rate is 12th-lowest. About 2.7% of those tested are getting positive results.
 "I know these business owners have made incredible sacrifices during this crisis to protect our families and frontline workers, and my administration will continue working to help them get back on their feet," Whitmer said in a written statement. "We are not out of the woods yet, and we will continue to monitor the effects of these incremental changes."
 The governor had faced pressure to reopen businesses including movie theaters, which are open in all but a handful of states. The funeral industry, restricted to 10 people for indoor funerals, had said the limit was way out of step compared to other Great Lakes states.


--DocBreak--
"The three points are important, we have had many chances and we found the way to goal four times.


--DocBreak--
Tucked away in a street-side nook, Freesoulcaffé completes the European-chic vibe that the people of Orange County crave. A perfect spot for brunch or dinner that hugs you within the rustic Tuscan high ceilings and brick walls. This restaurant combines elegance with affordability in providing simple, high-class meals to cater to a diverse audience. Do not fret when gazing upon the more filling options. Their truffle burger, to say the least, has absolutely zero emulation of a common spongy feeling when eating substitutes for real meat in a vegan establishment. In fact, this tasteful option brings a nutty and sweet aura to the palette that meshes with the spring salad accompanying it to satiate any appetite. The outdoor dining experience is quite peaceful when you are sitting next to the spherical fountain on a sunny day. But when it is too chilly, move into the industrial atmosphere of the bar and sitting area inside. Their plant-based cooking is astonishing as they offer more than the normal menu for eateries alike. An extensive menu sets them apart from competitors and by gracing customers with kind hospitality to remember, they prove to be one of the best. (714) 371-0976


--DocBreak--
Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah completed 3000 episodes on September 24 (2020), and the team celebrated the feat in a fun-way. They also expressed their gratitude towards fans for supporting them consistently all these 12 years. With the show achieving this big milestone, makers are planning to get Dayaben's character back on the show on Navratri or before Diwali. A source revealed to Pinkvilla, "Talks are on and off with Disha Vakani related to the comeback. However, the various demands made by her family have been acting as a hurdle for the longest time. However, the makers are now certain to plan a return of Dayaben even if Disha doesn't agree.'


--DocBreak--
Food for Thought Facebook group


--DocBreak--
The cash-strapped Royal Blues have deep financial problems off the pitch and the coronavirus pandemic, with a loss of matchday revenue due to games played behind closed doors, has added to their debts.


--DocBreak--
QUETTA: The Balochistan government, in light of increasing coronavirus cases, will ask the National Command and Operation Centre to extend the reopening of primary schools in the province from September 30 to October 15, 2020, Radio Pakistan reported.


--DocBreak--
One of the most famous American painters and illustrators, Norman Rockwell produced pithy artwork to promote democracy and civic engagement in his time. Now, a museum in Massachusetts dedicated to him asked artists to design "get out the vote" posters for 2020.
 The Unity Project debuted on Tuesday, National Voters Registration Day, on the Norman Rockwell Museum's website. It features six original pieces specially commissioned for the campaign from a diverse group of artists: Mai Ly Degnan, Rudy Gutierrez, Anita Kunz, Tim O'Brien, Whitney Sherman and Yuko Shimizu.
 On the same page, voters can register for the 2020 election and share the artwork to promote the cause. Among those who were inspired to share the campaign on their social media profiles is 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, who posted about the initiative on Instagram.


--DocBreak--
According to a tweet from CSP Troop 1E, ten Porsches were all stopped after they were clocked going above 80 miles per hour in an area where the speed limit is 40.


--DocBreak--
It’s a fundamental principle of English law that trustees cannot benefit from the affairs of the person they’re looking after.
 If you’re acting on behalf of a child, or somebody who’s sick, you must bend over backwards to avoid taking a rake-off.
 This was the judges’ message in the case of Keech v. Sandford in 1726 – also known as the Romford Market Case.
 The Crown owned the tolls paid by people using Romford Market, but the government leased the fiddly job of chasing the small sums involved, usually to some businessman who then sub-contracted the actual collection work locally.
 Around 1700, the Crown leased the tolls to Mark Frost, a brewer from Bow. He sub-leased their collection to a Romford resident, Mr Keech.
 Sadly, Mr Keech died, and the agreement was inherited by his infant son Charles. The boy’s guardian, William Sandford, continued to collect the cash in his role as trustee.
 READ MORE: Romford Market day in 1837
 When the sub-lease ran out, Sandford very properly asked Frost to renew it on behalf of young Charles Keech.
 But the Bow brewer refused, saying he wasn’t happy about dealing with a minor. As Sandford had been doing the work, why didn’t he take over the sub-lease himself?
 William Sandford began life in Ingatestone working as a woolcomber, cleaning wool for sale to textile manufacturers. By 1714, he’d moved to Romford and become a wool dealer. He also dabbled in property.
 Sandford rented Risebridge Farm from New College, Oxford. (Now a golf course, it gives its name to Romford’s Rise Park.)
 Risebridge Farm was a plum investment. In addition to rents and taxes, all farmers also had to pay tithes, one tenth of their produce, to the Church.
 Havering tithes went to New College. Risebridge Farm collected their tithes across northern Havering, and of course its tenant made a profit from the operation.
 Since Sandford was geared up to collect tithes (usually commuted into cash payments), it made sense also to take over the sub-lease of the market tolls – a job he was already doing.
 Frost had refused to deal with Charles Keech, so the youngster was out of the picture anyway, and Sandford didn’t think he was doing anything wrong.


--DocBreak--
In that role, he serves as chief executive officer of the State System, which operates Pennsylvania’s 14 public universities, serving nearly 100,000 degree- seeking students and thousands more enrolled in certificate and other career- development programs. The chancellor works with the board of governors to recommend and develop overall policies for the System.
 Greenstein previously led the Postsecondary Success strategy at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, where he worked with other higher education leaders across the country on initiatives designed to raise educational-attainment levels and to promote economic mobility, especially among low-income and minority students. He developed and implemented a national strategy for increasing the number of degrees awarded and for reducing the attainment gaps among majority and non-majority students at U.S. colleges and universities.
 Before joining the foundation, Greenstein was vice provost for Academic Planning and Programs for the University of California system. In that role, he oversaw system-wide academic planning and programs, including the University of California Press; the California Digital Library; the UC system’s Education Abroad Program; internship programs in Washington, D.C., and Sacramento; and UC Online Education.
 Greenstein has created and led several internet-based academic information services in the United States and the United Kingdom and served on boards and acted in strategic consulting roles for educational, cultural heritage and information organizations. He began his academic career as a senior lecturer in modern history at Glasgow University in Scotland.
 He holds both bachelor’s and master’s degrees from the University of Pennsylvania and a D.Phil. from the University of Oxford. An enthusiastic cyclist, he and his wife, Melissa, have two children.


--DocBreak--
Union cabinet minister Dharmendra Pradhan on Sunday recommended a proposal under which identified tourist sites or iconic spots will be turned into green zones where vehicles using only eco-friendly fuel will be allowed to ply. He said the proposed project will be the joint effort of the ministry of tourism and the ministry of petroleum and natural gas. Speaking at a virtual event organised by the tourism ministry on the occasion of World Tourism Day 2020, Pradhan, Minister of petroleum and natural gas, and steel, said the projects aim will be to turn such sites of tourist importance into completely green energy driven areas. The secretaries of the two ministries can jointly work on this. They can pick the iconic sites already identified by the ministry of tourism or 100 sites of tourist importance and turn them into completely green energy driven regions, he said. This should be done taking the state governments on board. We have to look towards modern technology to create sustainable fuel and ensure that we use battery operated vehicles, LNG, PNG, LPG in their vicinity rather than diesel and petrol vehicles, the minister said.


--DocBreak--
_Pristina, 24 set 16:24 - (Agenzia Nova)_ \- Nella giornata precedente alla tappa tecnica l'inviato dell'Unione europea per il dialogo Belgrado-Pristina, Miroslav Lajcak, ha reso noto attraverso un post pubblicato su Twitter che sarebbero stati discussi i temi relativi ai diritti delle minoranze e alle loro richieste di risarcimento finanziario. Secondo quanto precisato da Lajcak, il tema del confronto è stato concordato dal presidente della Serbia, Aleksandar Vucic, e dal premier kosovaro Avdullah Hoti. "Il presidente Vucic e il primo ministro Hoti hanno convenuto che i loro negoziatori discuteranno delle rivendicazioni finanziarie e degli accordi relativi alle comunità minoritarie. Entrambi gli argomenti sono molto complessi, e per questo motivo domani discuteremo delle richieste finanziarie e nei prossimi giorni degli accordi per le comunità minoritarie", ha scritto Lajcak su Twitter. Il rappresentante speciale dell'Ue per il dialogo Belgrado-Pristina ha recentemente affermato che "è giunto il momento di completare con successo il processo di dialogo" dopo 10 anni. "Oggi sono esattamente 10 anni da quando l'Assemblea generale delle Nazioni Unite ha accolto con favore la disponibilità dell'Unione europea a mediare il processo di dialogo tra Belgrado e Pristina. È giunto il momento che (tale processo) venga portato a termine con successo", ha sottolineato Lajcak. (segue) (Alt)
 (C) Agenzia Nova - Riproduzione riservata


--DocBreak--
ISLAMABAD: Both Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazl (JUI-F) chief Maulana Fazlur Rehman and former prime minister Nawaz Sharif agreed to constitute a committee to develop consensus among the opposition parties to resign from the assemblies, sources told The News here on Saturday. The sources said Maulana Fazlur Rehman made a telephonic call to Nawaz Sharif on Saturday and particularly focused on two issues—resignations of the opposition members from the assemblies and presidentship of Pakistan Democratic Movement (PDM), an alliance of the opposition parties made in APC. “Maulana Fazlur Rehman suggested that the opposition members should immediately resign from the assemblies because this political strategy would break the back of the Imran-led fragile government,” the sources said. The sources said Maulana Fazlur Rehman also showed his desire to lead PDM because according to him PPP would also have no objection over it. “Nawaz Sharif completely agreed with the suggestion that the opposition should resign from the assemblies but he maintained that a committee should be constituted to take this decision with consensus among all the opposition parties,” the sources said.


--DocBreak--
Highlighting the major aspects of the event, the Kaduna State Commissioner for Sports Development, Professor Kabiru Mato, explained that the competition will feature both local and international athletes who will compete for prizes at the end of the day.


--DocBreak--
The reopening of Hangar 18 this go-round is stricter. In accordance with the 10% capacity rule in the red tier for gyms, Hangar 18 has requested climbers use their booking system before coming to the gym so the number of climbers can be monitored. Members also have to sign a COVID-19 waiver and watch a safety protocol video before coming to the gym.


--DocBreak--
The Indian way of life has always been to eat seasonal, locally available food, a principle that is also endorsed by the traditional Indian systems of medicine, he pointed out.


--DocBreak--
A sobbing toddler was found wandering streets by a Good Samaritan passer-by


--DocBreak--
Conservative outside groups, aware of Trump’s interest in Barrett from the Kennedy replacement, were already on board, offering public statements of support even before Trump had made a final determination.


--DocBreak--
He has watched the majority of people walk through the door with a smile. But “about 5%,” he estimates, have been “negative.”
 “There have been a few who come in and aren’t happy that we’re here,” Terrazano said. “But they’re few and far between. I try not to engage with them. I just sit here (near the entrance) in case anyone who comes in tries to pull anything (like destroying merchandise or making threats).”
 Others, who have steered clear of the place, include Democratic state Rep. candidate Sara Dillingham.
 She describes the store, in a word, “threatening.”
 For Dillingham, it’s “a beacon of the hatred perpetuated by the Trump administration."
 “In talking with constituents, they’ve felt strongly enough about the store to talk to me about it,” she said. “This election year is more polarized than ever, with a whole population of people — minorities — feeling unsafe with Trump as president.”
 Dillingham is a member of the New Hampshire Democratic Committee and said the organization has been given permission by the property owner across Main Street to campaign for Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden in the near future.
 “That I plan to do,” she said. “But I definitely won’t be going into the store.”


--DocBreak--
Uncomfortable in your face mask? This can make breathing easier


--DocBreak--
At least 44 Indian banks, including the state-owned banks, have been tagged as the financial institutions of the country with regard to transactions by the Indian entities and individuals in Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) filed by the watchdog agency FinCEN.
 The entities and individuals were involved in money laundering of $1.53 billion through 3,201 illegal and suspicious transactions.
 The practice of money-laundering through 44 commercial banks has also raised questions as to who, where and for what purpose the money was laundered.
 An India-based publication like others has also reported that between the year 2010 and 2017, several transactions went through the Indian banks that were flagged as top-secret SARs by the FinCEN for money laundering, terror financial and financial fraud. ‘Business Standards’ also observed that such transactions were part of $2 trillion suspicious transfers flagged by the top US authority in the FinCEN list. Such transactions were part of $2 trillion dollars suspicious transfers as flagged by the top US authority in the FinCEN list.
 The International Consortium of Investigative Journalism (ICIJ) had also obtained data on these transactions. The Business Standards also reported that almost all the major public, foreign and private Indian banks witnessed suspicious transactions.
 Earlier, a report released by the United Nations also disclosed presence of a significant number of terrorist groups in Kerala, Karnataka and Assam. There are also reports that gold and diamond were also used for money laundering, while the Indian Premier League (IPL) has been a major source of this illegal practice.
 The report reveals that the Indian banks mentioned in SARs include the stated- owned Punjab National Bank involved in around 300 transactions, State Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Union Bank of India, Canara Bank and others. The foreign branches of Indian banks such as a State Bank of India account in Canada and an account of Union Bank of India in UK have been used by clients for carrying out part of the transactions in question. The private Indian banks whose names were reported in SARs besides others include the HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank. The HDFC Bank has been reported as top sender with over transactions of over $327 million.
 The report also recommended that the international watchdogs like Financial Action Task Force (FATF) Anti Money Laundering Task Force should explore ways to tackle such practices.
 The Indian authorities which have been eager to see Pakistan on the FATF black list themselves must be in hot waters in view of appearance of the FinCEN report.
 It may be pointed out that a retired Indian military officer, Major (R) Gaurav Arya appearing on a television show had confessed to his involvement in terrorist activities in Balochistan. He also claimed that he had been in touch with the Baloch separatist groups.
 Speaking in a talk show in the second week of May last, he also predicted attacks on Pakistan’s security forces in Balochistan.
 Just two days after the show, six FC personnel, including a Major, were martyred in an IED blast near the Pak-Iran border.
 Commander Kulbhushan Jadhav, a serving Indian Navy officer associated with RAW, who was arrested during a counter-intelligence operation in Balochistan on March 3, 2016 and later sentenced to death by the Field General Court Martial, had also confessed to the involvement of his state in carrying out terrorism in Pakistan.
 The International Court of Justice had also rejected an appeal by the Indian government to release Jadhav.


--DocBreak--
The crimes that first landed Martino in hot water happened in the Big Bend back in September 2016. That month, tragedy struck Alpine after a shooting at Alpine High School.


--DocBreak--
Hangar 18 climbing gyms will reopen in response to California’s four-tier color system as laid out by Gov. Gavin Newsom, the company announced on Sept. 9. Currently, Orange County is in the red tier, meaning the spread and positivity rates of COVID-19 are at a substantial level, allowing gyms to open at 10% capacity. Because of this, Hangar 18’s San Clemente and other Orange County locations are opening restrictively.


--DocBreak--
The DPIIT has shared a list of 24 key sectors including food processing, toys, furniture, agro chemicals and textiles with respective ministries asking them to work on an action plan with a view to boost domestic manufacturing and make India a self-reliant country, an official said.


--DocBreak--
Mets' Wilson Ramos: Out of lineup


--DocBreak--
“Already being stuck at home is bad, but being all hot with nothing to do made it even worse,” Miranda said. “It wasn't as hot as Southern California I think. Though, because of the fires it made everything feel pretty bad. Especially because we're pretty close to Oregon and they have it worse I think, all the ash and hot air made it difficult to go outside. Honestly, though, we were all much more bored than anything else.”


--DocBreak--
The number of causalities is feared to rise. The Karachi-bound van coming from Hyderabad was carrying 20 passengers, according to the Motorway police. The surviving seven are undergoing treatment for varying injuries at a Nooriabad hospital.
 The police said that the fire was so intense that most of the bodies were charred beyond recognition and their DNA samples were being taken to identify them. By the time the Motorway police or any voluntary rescue organisations could reach the spot, seven of the passengers had managed to get out of the burning van.
 Nothing credible could be learnt about the actual cause of the incident and the Motorway Police also denied any specific knowledge. However, the spokesperson said apparently, the vehicle’s bumper broke off somehow, bursting one of its tyres, following which the driver lost control of the vehicle,” Motorway Police spokesperson Turab Shah told The News.
 The vehicle coming from Hyderabad veered off the road and was engulfed in a massive ball of fire. The videos circulating on the social media show the passenger van engulfed in a massive blaze which reducing it to cinders. Later, the firefighters managed to extinguish the blaze.
 Shortly after the incident, the Motorway Police besides other welfare organisation reached the accident site and shifted the seven surviving passengers to a hospital in Nooriabad.
 The huge fire had reduced the van to a total wreck and most of the deceased could not be recognised due to the severity of burns. The injured removed to a hospital in Nooriabad were undergoing treatment.


--DocBreak--
To avoid leaving some Canadians in the lurch without any financial support, Singh acknowledged the urgent need to get the bill passed swiftly.
 He blamed Prime Minister Justin Trudeau for the "time crunch," nothing that he prorogued Parliament in August, preventing it from dealing with anything until after the new session opened this week.
 Nevertheless, Singh said the NDP will support the government in getting the bill passed quickly next week, bypassing the normal legislative process that can take months or even years.
 "We need to speed up the passage of this legislation so that it gets in place quickly and so that there's not a break in support for families that need the support," he said.
 The Liberals also cheered the deal.
 "We are entering the second wave and millions of Canadians are still struggling to make ends meet," government House leader Pablo Rodriguez said Friday on Twitter.
 "We now have an agreement with the NDP on a bill that will deliver the help that Canadians need. It's by working together that we will get through this pandemic."
 The government has set aside Monday and Tuesday for debate on the bill.
 Earlier Friday, the Conservatives attempted to win support for a motion calling for the Commons to sit on Sunday as well so that MPs could have more time to debate Bill C-2. While they agreed that Canadians need support, they argued that MPs also have a duty to scrutinize legislation that will cost the federal treasury billions.
 They did not get the unanimous consent needed to pass the motion.
 The Conservatives have already said they will vote against the throne speech and the Bloc Québécois say they are leaning that way unless the Liberals meet demands from the provinces to add billions to annual federal health transfers by next week.
 This report by The Canadian Press was first published Sept. 25, 2020.


--DocBreak--
Rescue center building in the works for O'Malley Alley Cat, volunteers needed


--DocBreak--
Tupelo Police Department has some very friendly patrolmen (and women).
 On August 11, I was driving down West Main with my twin grandchildren. Stopped at a red light, a police car was beside us. My 2 1/2 year-old grandson saw the police car and started laughing and talking about the police car. His 2 1/2 year-old sister joined in trying to talk about the police car. I rolled their window down so they could see better.
 The young policeman saw the children, he spoke to them, flipped his blue lights off and on. Then we all drove on to our day's activities. But to say this made their day (and mine) to have this attention from a policeman!
 Thank you to the young man that took 15-20 seconds to make a young child's day!
 Beverly Greenhaw
 Booneville


--DocBreak--
NEW YORK - Things are not as they seem in the new Apple TV+ series “Tehran” — as it should be in a spy thriller.
 The series opens with a commercial flight from Jordan to India that's suddenly diverted to Iran. A few of the passengers on board have secrets. Those secrets will soon have war jets scrambling and a covert manhunt launching.
 As audacious as the premise, “Tehran” is equally bold: an Israeli production that offers viewers a sympathetic view of Iran — one of Israel's greatest foes — without anyone from the production setting foot in the Islamic Republic.
 “The core of the show is dealing with the question of identity, nationality, immigration and family roots," Moshe Zonder, the show’s co-creator and co- writer, says from Tel Aviv. "It asks how we connect to them and our obligation to them and can we get free from them? This is relevant to everyone on the globe.”
 The show’s eight episodes aired in Israel in June and July, to largely rave reviews. The espionage thriller, with dialogue in Hebrew, English and Farsi, debuts on Apple TV+ on Friday.
 “Tehran” centres on a computer hacker-agent undertaking her very first mission in Iran’s capital, which is also the place of her birth. When the mission goes wrong, the agent has to survive by her wits.
 With several of the same actors and featuring a woman spy dealing with Middle Eastern and Central Asian intrigue at its centre, some viewers may see similarities with the recently completed run of “Homeland.”
 But while that Showtime series explored how notions of good and evil can become corrupt and twisted on the international stage, “Tehran” is about making connections across ideological borders.
 “There is not one clear enemy. It’s not about one side against the other. It’s really about people,” Niv Sultan, an Israeli actor who plays the “Tehran” spy heroine, says from Tel Aviv. “For the first time, we’re showing a different point of view of this conflict.”
 The setting of the series is definitely not as it seems. Sections of the Greek capital Athens stood in for Tehran after co-creator Dana Eden visited the European country on a family vacation and was struck by the visual similarities between the two cities. Israelis are banned from visiting Iran.
 Turning Athens into Tehran meant replacing lamp posts, license plates and street signs, as well as adding street vendors and storefront signs. The Athens airport was used to mimic the one in Tehran and, in one scene, a huge building-sized mural depicts an ayatollah, an addition thanks to computer special effects.
 For months before shooting, Sultan immersed herself in the Israeli martial arts Krav Maga and intensive Farsi lessons. She initially approached the language assignment with confidence, thinking her background would help


--DocBreak--
Fabrizio Carboni, ICRC's director for the Middle East, urged the parties to swiftly work to move the agreement "from signatures on paper to reality on the ground."


--DocBreak--
For the time being, though, we're still in the midst of a pandemic. Coronavirus expert Peter Hotez, for one, has recently warned that Houston might be headed for a "third peak" this fall. Under such circumstances, Abbott's decision to expand the early voting period is a reasonable and eminently defensible one.


--DocBreak--
In the health care industry, it’s fairly common for employers to require vaccines. The underlying premise is that health providers must take steps to protect their most vulnerable patients.
 Last year, almost 45% of health care workers said their employers required a flu shot, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That aggressive approach paid off with 98% flu coverage among employees at those firms _ twice as high as the flu immunization rate for the general public.
 Outside of health care, employers are much more likely to recommend a vaccine, rather than require it. A mandate can lead to worker objections over medical conditions, sincerely held religious beliefs and disabilities _ and their claims are protected.
 “In light of these exemptions and the risk of discrimination, the (Equal Employment Opportunity Commission) has advised that it is best practice to simply encourage employees to take the influenza vaccine rather than to mandate it,” two lawyers wrote in July in The National Law Review.
 “A (COVID) mandate would be an issue for many employees,” said LaToya Alexander, a lawyer for Polsinelli in Dallas and co-author of the article. “Based on my clients, most don’t want to require a vaccine. We’re hearing a lot of, ‘What should we do? What can we do?’”
 Employers often go to lengths to increase the uptake of annual flu shots in order to promote a healthier workforce. Many sponsor health fairs and bring in nurses to administer the vaccines for free. Some offer prizes and other incentives, and the COVID vaccine campaign is likely to have similar elements.
 “It’ll be like the flu shot _ plus, plus, plus,” said Harry D. Jones, a longtime employment lawyer for Littler Mendelson in Dallas. “There will be a lot more pressure to get it done because the cost to morale would be so great if companies have to exit the workplace again.”
 Many people already complain about the fatigue from social distancing and wearing masks. By next summer, if the coronavirus is still spreading rapidly, it’s going to be difficult for employers to accept that some workers just don’t want to get a vaccine, Jones said.


--DocBreak--
Caleb Allen holds a sign that reads "Free Prayer" on the square in Tyler at The Return prayer and revival event.


--DocBreak--
RALEIGH, N.C. — As the pandemic prompts a surge in voting by mail, voters in a handful of states, including the presidential battlegrounds of North Carolina and Wisconsin, are facing a requirement that already is tripping up thousands — the need to have a witness sign their ballot envelope.
 A lack of a witness signature or other witness information has emerged as the leading cause of ballots being set aside before being counted in North Carolina, with problems disproportionately affecting Black voters in the state, according to an Associated Press analysis of state election data.
 While there is a process for fixing the omissions, voting rights advocates say the numbers are an early warning sign that the extra step is becoming a barrier that could disenfranchise voters — and a potential source of legal battles in a tight race.
 "People are confused by this whole witness requirement," said Barbara Beckert, an advocate for Disability Rights Wisconsin, which was part of a lawsuit that unsuccessfully challenged the witness mandate. "Voting absentee is complicated. To get it right, you have to follow a lot of very specific rules."
 There are early signs that voters are struggling to follow those rules. In North Carolina, over 200,000 ballots have been returned and processed since early voting began almost three weeks ago. At least 1,700 couldn't be counted because of lack of a witness name, signature or address. That number accounted for nearly half of all ballots that couldn't be accepted through Tuesday, according to State Board of Elections data.
 As of Tuesday, Black voters cast 43 percent of the ballot classified as having incomplete witness information, according to the state elections data. Yet Black voters have cast roughly 16 percent of overall ballots returned to date.
 Pat Gannon, a spokesman for the state elections board, attributed the mistakes to inexperience with the process. North Carolina is one of several states where relatively few voters cast mail-in ballots in past elections.
 "Many of these voters are voting by mail for the first time and may not fully understand the requirements of the law," Gannon said.
 As part of a legal settlement this week, the state board agreed to make it easier for voters to fix the issues, streamlining the process for curing ballots.
 The witness requirement is relatively rare. Before the pandemic, 12 states required voters to have notary or witness signatures with their ballots. However, several changed their laws to make it easier for voters to cast ballots remotely and avoid the risk of contracting the virus, leaving the total now at eight, including Alabama, Alaska, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, Oklahoma and Wisconsin, according to the Brennan Center for Justice.
 A witness signature is not required in any of the five all-mail voting states in the West.
 Proponents of the requirement say it's designed to prevent voter fraud by holding others accountable for vouching for a voter.
 Absentee ballot applications played a prominent role in the investigation of a 2018 congressional election in the state that required a new election. Workers for a political operative in a rural county testified they were directed to collect blank or incomplete ballots, forge signatures on them and even fill in votes for local candidates. It happened during a time when North Carolina required two signatures or one notary public as a witness.
 But advocacy groups say the rules unnecessarily complicate a process for older people, people who live alone and those with disabilities or chronic health problems. Several groups and Democrats are among those who have sued over rules in states with the requirement.
 In Wisconsin, a federal judge this week upheld the requirement for the November election. A judge in South Carolina struck down the state's witness mandate, writing it would only "increase the risk of contracting COVID-19" for vulnerable populations. On Thursday, a federal appeals court reinstated it, at least temporarily.
 In Wisconsin, where about 80% of votes cast in the August primary were absentee, voting groups are focused on coaching people on how to fill it out and educating voters in advance.
 Even U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin, a Wisconsin Democrat, said she empathizes with the challenge.
 "I live alone and I actually went outside and waited for the first person I saw walking their dog and asked if they could stop for a moment and be my witness," Baldwin said, describing her experience voting in the April presidential primary. "Imagine living in a rural community and living alone where that wouldn't an option. Or living alone and being afraid to let someone in because we're in a pandemic."
 Until this week, the lack of witness information on a North Carolina absentee ballot meant the ballot was essentially canceled, and a second ballot was sent to the voter to fill out, with a witness still required. Liberal and union- advocacy groups, bankrolled by Democratic groups to challenge absentee rules in court, argued that re-vote unfairly burdened voters during the pandemic.
 Under a settlement unveiled Tuesday between the board and some plaintiffs, voters now will be able to fix the problem by returning an affidavit the voter signs affirming under penalty of a felony that they actually filled out the original ballot.
 "This agreement is a victory for all eligible older voters in North Carolina," said Richard Fiesta, executive director of the Alliance for Retired Americans, whose North Carolina affiliate sued over the rules.
 Republican legislative leaders are incensed by this change and others in the agreement, which they intend to oppose in court. The affidavit fail-safe essentially eliminates the witness requirement, said GOP state Sen. Ralph Hise. Democrats in charge of the state board have "rewritten election laws while the election is actively underway," Hise said.
 Still, the trouble of emailing, faxing or mailing an affidavit is something voters would prefer to avoid. North Carolina's election board is highlighting the witness requirement online.
 In Wisconsin, election officials in Madison also planned to be in all city parks for the next two weekends to accept absentee ballots and serve as witnesses if needed. An attorney for Republican legislative leaders late Friday questioned the security of the operation in a letter to the city clerk, asking the city to drop the idea "to avoid the threat of invalided ballots or needless litigation."
 The North Carolina NAACP is assisting Black voters work through the process by suggesting family and friends as options for witnesses, said the Rev. C. Bradley Hunt of Greensboro, the group's political chair. The NAACP is emphasizing a can-do attitude, no matter the obstacles.
 "The message to our folks is that we have to be resolute and we have to deliberate...in order to get the vote out," Hunt said.

