“We’re not giving it up. [Gordon]’s going to be a youth center,” says school board member KerryJo Felder, a proponent of putting all of Minneapolis’s vacant schools to use. “Because now, the funny thing that’s not so funny is we have to come in and save some kids that we should have saved all along. We needed those early learning centers. We needed those youth centers all over north Minneapolis. We haven’t been able to do that, and now we have to save some kids that are pretty much grown up, and it’s just horrible.”


--DocBreak--
In response to questions and a request to interview Khalil, his attorney, Michelle Suskauer, said by e-mail: “Mr. Khalil will not be responding to your questions and denies all allegations against him.”
 For Egypt’s ancient Coptic Church, which is usually closed about its inner workings, the allegations and the laicization after sexual abuse claims were unusually public. There followed announcements of changes by some Coptic dioceses to prevent abuse and address claims — as well as questions about the handling of Zakhari’s allegations and debates among some Coptic Christians.
 ___
 The Coptic Church is the main community among Egypt’s Christian minority and has many followers who have emigrated to the United States and elsewhere. Over the years, as other faith communities around the world publicly grappled with clerical sexual abuse, what publicity the Coptic Church received mostly came when it was targeted by militant groups and other extremists.
 “As Copts, we’re not used to discussing such things in public,” said Samuel Tadros, senior fellow at Hudson Institute’s Center for Religious Freedom. If there have been similar cases “they were handled behind closed doors.”
 Online, some criticized the public naming of the priest or expressed fears the scrutiny could be used to unfairly taint the church, especially since Christians are a minority in Egypt.
 Others praised the church for removing Khalil from the priesthood. Still others said leaders responded too slowly and demanded transparency and prompter action on abuse claims.


--DocBreak--
Opinion: Gardai are up against it if they don't have legislation behind them  


--DocBreak--
Early Monday morning, three teenagers aged 13 to 15 died in a high-speed car crash near Emerson and 18th Avenue. They’d been fleeing police in a car stolen from an elderly woman when they slammed into a tree. A Mother’s Love showed up at the scene shortly after. “Today is a sad day. Kids out joyriding in a stolen vehicle when they should have been on a bus en route to school. So many lives lost. So many families crying,” Lisa Clemons said on Facebook.


--DocBreak--
Several Coptic dioceses pledged or announced protocols for reporting or investigating allegations, as well as anti-abuse efforts like more thorough background checks on clergy.
 Zakhari, 33, said her goal was not to hurt the church.
 “We wanted this to just be handled,” she said.
 ___
 Zakhari was born in Florida to parents who are “faithful servants” in the Coptic Church and the church was at the center of her upbringing, she said.
 In her statement to the Altamonte Springs Police Department in Florida in February 2013, Zakhari said the incident happened in the late 1990s when she was 11 or 12. (As a rule, the AP does not name survivors or alleged survivors of sexual abuse unless they have identified themselves publicly, as Zakhari has done.)
 At the time, Khalil, then a visiting priest from Egypt, was staying with her family in Florida, her statement said. He was alone with her, ostensibly to take her confession, when he touched her, including fondling her breasts and kissing her, she said in the report which was viewed by the AP.
 The Altamonte Springs Police Department told AP an investigator discussed Zakhari’s report with the state attorney’s office at the time and it was determined that the statute of limitations had expired.
 Zakhari said she had shared her story with others long before she told the police, including telling Bishop Youssef of the Coptic Orthodox Diocese of the Southern United States when she was 17, around 2003 or 2004.

