Koerner, also a current emeritus professor with Northern Arizona University, taught part of the spring semester online after the school physically closed in light of the early days of the pandemic. Using the knowledge gained from his involvement in virtual learning, Koerner was able to better adapt to the sudden change.
 One of the more prevalent concerns upon hosting this event was finding a way to create a model of the event that mimicked the sentiment of a traditional star party.


--DocBreak--
eThekwini officials behind R2.3bn irregular expenditure must face the music, says Muthambi


--DocBreak--
STILLWATER, Minn. (AP) — A man already imprisoned in Minnesota for murder has been sentenced to life behind bars after admitting to killing a guard in 2018.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 Only $3 for 3 months. Save 90%.
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 Only $3 for 3 months. Save 90%.
 Football Men's Hoops Women's Hoops Wrestling Opinion
 Subscribe
 # Raimond Braithwaite keeps Iowa football strength program on same path as 'close friend' Chris Doyle
 Mark Emmert
 Hawk Central
 View Comments
 IOWA CITY, Ia. — Raimond Braithwaite worked alongside Chris Doyle for 15 years training Iowa’s football players.
 And Braithwaite isn’t going to distance himself from his former boss now that Doyle has been removed from the program after allegations surfaced this summer from former players of a racially insensitive climate in the strength and conditioning program.
 “I’ve been close friends with Chris Doyle since 2002 and I have never witnessed or heard him ever make a racial comment,” Braithwaite said Thursday in his first public comments since taking over as the interim coach of the football strength program.
 “We need to push and challenge the guys that are on this team to help instill a confidence in them that they can achieve things that they may not necessarily think they can. At the same time, we must ensure that they have a good experience while they’re at the University of Iowa.”
 Braithwaite and Iowa players interviewed this week all projected a sense that it’s business as usual in the weight room as the team prepares for its first season in two decades without Doyle’s commanding presence behind the scenes.
 Doyle, who is white, became the focal point of an investigation into the culture of the program run by Kirk Ferentz since 1999, singled out by several Black former Hawkeyes for words and tactics that they felt were demeaning. The university bought out his contract with a $1.1 million settlement, leaving all other football coaches in their same roles.
 That put a spotlight on Braithwaite, 42, a native of New York who has been a familiar face for Hawkeye players but relatively unknown to the public. Braithwaite, who is Black, came to Iowa in 2002 after getting his master’s degree in exercise physiology from Florida State, where he also helped with the football team. He left to become the head strength and conditioning coach at Delaware State from 2005 to 2007 before rejoining Doyle’s staff.
 Doyle was often credited with turning lightly recruited athletes into NFL prospects. And Ferentz rewarded him by making him the highest-paid strength coach in college football at $800,000 per year. Doyle was the rare strength coach that could be readily identified by a team’s fans.
 Braithwaite seems more content to stay in the background. He had declined all requests for media interviews until Thursday, when every Hawkeye football coach spent time at a podium in the north end zone of Kinnick Stadium answering questions from reporters.
 Braithwaite was ready when asked about Doyle. He insisted that nothing was going to change in terms of the way the athletes are prepared for the rigors of Big Ten Conference competition.
 “The proof is in the results. I believe in what we’ve done here in the past,” said Braithwaite, who is being paid $310,000 this year.
 Braithwaite said he hasn’t noticed a difference in his interactions with players, praising them for how they’ve adapted to training for their sport during a global pandemic that has required unique constraints.
 “I’ve never thought of what my style was or had a label on my style,” Braithwaite said when asked to compare himself to Doyle.
 Hawkeye players also said they’ve not seen a contrast in the way workouts are conducted. Senior guard Cole Banwart said the exercises the Hawkeyes are doing and the training techniques are the same. He said Braithwaite even provided members of the team with workout regimens they could conduct at home by themselves during the COVID-19 quarantine phase of the offseason.
 “He’s making sure everybody is focused and ready to play,” Banwart said.
 Junior running back Ivory Kelly-Martin said all of the inspirational quotes that Doyle had displayed on the walls of the weight room remain. So do the pictures of former Hawkeye stars.
 “It’s still Iowa football,” Kelly-Martin said. “We’re still attacking things in the weight room.”
 One aspect of training that has been addressed is individual weight goals for each athlete. There were complaints raised in this summer’s investigation of the program that those were too rigid under Doyle’s leadership.
 “It did bring a lot of anxiety,” Kelly-Martin acknowledged.
 Kelly-Martin said the team’s leadership council, which includes him, was able to meet with Braithwaite and other coaches to come up with a new system that satisfies the players and staff. Braithwaite said the goal is identify if an athlete is struggling on the practice field because of a sudden change in weight.
 “We still monitor body weight,” Braithwaite said. “That’s from a health-and- safety, player-performance perspective. That’s something that we have to do.”
  _Mark Emmert covers the Iowa Hawkeyes for the Register. Reach him at memmert@registermedia.com or 319-339-7367. Follow him on Twitter at@MarkEmmert._
  _No one covers the Hawkeyes like the Register. Subscribe today atDesMoinesRegister.com/Deal to make sure you never miss a moment._
 View Comments
 Careers Accessibility Support Site Map Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Help Center My Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds
 © 2020 www.hawkcentral.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
Miguel Aleman, for decades, sat under the control of the Gulf Cartel (CDG). Smugglers on both sides of the Rio Grande maintained affiliations with the CDG. The emerging heavy-handed tactics are a clear sign to CBP officials that the Zetas are changing the rules. Federal officials also believe that the greater the weaponry correlates with the value the cartel places on the person being moved. It is not out of the question that the customer could have been a family member or high-ranking associate of a Zetas leader.


--DocBreak--
Sign up for ePaper. As a digital subscriber you get and exact replica of the printed newspaper. Click on the button for ePaper at the top of the page, Once on the ePaper page, follow the instructions to sign up. It's just $9.95 a month or $99.95 a year.


--DocBreak--
State of the Arts


--DocBreak--
It looked like it would be only a matter of time when KXIP would wrap up the match and snap their four-match losing streak. But in the end, KXIP made a mess towards the end of their run chase to suffer their sixth defeat from seven matches and fifth on the trot while KKR notched up their fourth win in six matches.


--DocBreak--
"
 Buy a single copy of the ePaper, an exact online version of the printed paper, for just 99 cents. The electronic news and advertising pages allow you to see the full page of the newspaper and select specific headlines, articles, photos and ads to read, all with the click of a button. Among other features, it reads stories aloud and translates the text into 11 languages.
 Sign up for ePaper. As a digital subscriber you get and exact replica of the printed newspaper. Click on the button for ePaper at the top of the page, Once on the ePaper page, follow the instructions to sign up. It's just $9.95 a month or $99.95 a year.
 Take ePaper for a free spin
 Subscribe today for home delivery Please call our Customer Service office at 888-MYPAPER (888-697-2737) for current options and rates.
 Pick up the paper at one of hundreds of locations on the South Shore.Single copies of the Ledger are $2 daily, $4 for the weekend Saturday/Sunday edition.
 Check out our free newsletter. The latest news delivered to your inbox first thing in the morning and mid-afternoon.
 Did you know you can buy any staff photo in the paper? Just click on the photo and the purchase link. If you have a problem, e-mail us at newsroom@patriotledger.com.
 To order a high-quality, glossy reprint of any page in the paper, send a check for $31.88 to The Patriot Ledger, 400 Crown Colony Drive, Quincy, MA 02169, Attn: Reprint Requests. Tax and shipping are included.
 "


--DocBreak--
It was a familiar move for a governor who has repeatedly drawn the president into heated public battles that may only hurt him in a pivotal state against Democrat Joe Biden. While she risked politicizing the moment, the governor said Friday that she didn’t think twice about calling out the president.
 “I am raising two daughters who I want to be bold, too, you know, and to speak truth to power,” Whitmer said in an Associated Press interview.


--DocBreak--
The analysis of these two-dimensional surfaces in order to achieve the twin objective of combined design and functionality, proved a particularly taxing one. Efficiency was first analysed with the help of CFD (Computational Fluid Dynamics) calculation software, followed by wind tunnel analysis, then further evaluation on both road and track. The inspiration clearly derives from the world of racing: one of the functions of the double-walled fairing is, indeed, to optimize stability at high speeds, while increasing rider comfort by protection from air pressure and the dispersion of hot air flows emanating from the engine and radiator.


--DocBreak--
Delta first made landfall Friday evening near Creola, La. as a Category 2 storm with 100 mph winds around 7 p.m. EDT. It slammed into the southwestern part of the state, bringing life-threatening storm surge among other dangers to a state already bruised by two storms this season.
 Delta’s landfall was historic — it’s the first Greek alphabet-named hurricane named to make landfall in the continental U.S., according to Colorado State University meteorologist and researcher Phil Klotzbach.
 Delta lost some strength before making landfall due to less oceanic heat and more vertical wind shear, according to the NHC. An hour after landfall, the storm weakened into a Category 1 hurricane with 90 mph winds.
 Delta downgraded to a tropical storm at about 2 a.m. EDT Saturday. Forecasters expect Delta to continue to weaken into remnants of its former shape.
 “Additional weakening is expected, and Delta is expected to decay to a remnant low pressure area on Sunday,” the latest advisory reads.


--DocBreak--
Para este trabajo en 'Los vuelos solitarios', Pimentel tuvo que cortar su cabello a un largo que nunca había experimentado y, aunque eso le ha traído grandes satisfacciones y se trató de una decisión propia, relata que fue difícil y que por momentos se sintió muy vulnerable.
 'Ya necesitaba un 'reset' (reinicio) en mi vida y cuando veo que Silvestre tiene estas características físicas dije 'este es el momento perfecto para hacerlo'. Fue muy emocionante, después vinieron días donde me sentía muy vulnerable y adaptarme a los comentarios de las personas fue difícil pero ahora estoy más segura que nunca', afirma.
 Dirigida por Adrián Vázquez, 'Los vuelos solitarios' tendrá una única función física el 14 de octubre en el Teatro de la Ciudad Esperanza Iris, en Ciudad de México, y una función en línea el 17 de octubre.
 La obra habla del amor, el fracaso, el duelo y las convenciones sociales, entre otros temas, y será Silvestre quien encarne cada una de ellas en una obra tan triste como divertida con momentos de comedia y espacio para la reflexión.
 'Creo que Silvestre hace una crítica a la sociedad que se queda solo por encima en estas luchas sociales, a las personas que critican desde redes sociales, en ese sentido ella es muy congruente con lo que dice y lo que piensa', señala.
 CONGRUENCIA SOCIAL Y LABORAL
 Pimentel se ha caracterizado por su labor filantrópica y su especial interés en causas sociales que van desde la pobreza, el medioambiente y la diversidad sexual, así como sus duras críticas al machismo.
 Esta necesidad de ayudar a los demás es algo con lo que ella creció, según cuenta. Desde muy pequeña, su madre la enseñó a estar siempre pendiente de los demás y acercarse a ciertos organismos donde pudiera sumar apoyos para ayudar a quien lo necesitara.
 'Creo que apoyar causas siempre ha sido parte de mi vida, crecí así y ahora que tengo esta profesión y que tengo este privilegio de tener micrófonos, claro que quiero hablar de los temas que me interpelan. Yo incito a las personas y les digo 'busca algo que te mueva y a eso dedícale tiempo, a informarte, a investigar en qué puedes aportar, siempre hay algo que aportar'', comenta.
 Pero esto no se ha quedado únicamente en el ámbito personal. La actriz de 'Enamorándome de Ramón' (2017) ha llevado todos estos pensamientos al plano profesional y ahora confiesa que, además de ser más crítica con los personajes que acepta, ha podido resaltar por qué no le gustaría trabajar en ciertos proyectos.
 'Como actriz he aprendido a cuestionarme qué tipo de papeles estoy interpretando y qué mensajes estoy dando, a tener congruencia en lo que quiero y lo que acciono y cada vez he ido aprendiendo a rechazar proyectos y decir 'tu guion me parece machista o misógino'. Me parece que es una confianza que he ido adquiriendo', apunta.
 Y así como ha adquirido más confianza en ello, su carrera ha despegado al alejarse cada vez más de las telenovelas para hacer más cine y series.
 Recientemente, la actriz fue parte de la película 'No man's land' (2020), que fue estrenada en el Festival Internacional de Cine de Guanajuato.
 Este se convirtió en su primer trabajo en inglés y la temática de la película gira en torno a un tema social como es la migración y los límites fronterizos de México y Estados Unidos.
 Pimentel, además, está esperando que sea estrenada la serie 'La Templanza' (2020) por Amazon Prime Video y está batiendo récords de popularidad con la película 'Ahí te encargo' (2020) en Netflix junto a Mauricio Ochmann. EFE


--DocBreak--
Susan Calman: The Scottish comedienne's depression is no laughing matter | Express.co.uk


--DocBreak--
Walker is spot on: Any race's assertion of supremacy is dangerous.

