Robert Havlin who steered Enable to the first of her 15 career victories, admits the superstar mare will leave “a big hole” in John Gosden’s yard following her retirement on Monday.
 The six-year-old will go down as one of the greats following a glittering career, during which she claimed 11 Group One events, including back-to-back victories in the Prix de l’Arc de Triomphe and a record three wins in the King George at Ascot.
 While Frankie Dettori was on board for all of the big days, Enable’s journey began with an impressive display under Havlin in a Newcastle maiden almost four years ago.
 Reflecting on that opening success, the jockey said: “When I won on her she was still a shell of a horse, but obviously had class.
 “After Newcastle she was put away for the winter and started to fill her frame. Coming into the spring, she was starting to get noticed. Her work was always pointing to her being a good mile-and-a-half filly, but as time went on, she kept getting stronger and improving.
 “The other thing that always stood out about Enable is she’s always been a very intelligent filly – she certainly worked out how to use her gears and win very early in her life.


--DocBreak--
PEORIA -- Eddie Bolen owned a big heart and a love for small engines.
   
 So said his girlfriend, Holly Wade, about the 40-year-old Peorian who was killed in a two-vehicle accident Friday night on the city's South Side.
   
 According to Peoria police, the mini-bike Bolen was driving collided with an SUV when Bolen reportedly failed to stop at the intersection of Ligonier and Marquette streets. When Peoria firefighters and Advanced Medical Transport crews arrived, he was not breathing and unresponsive.
   
 An autopsy performed Sunday showed that Bolen suffered multiple detrimental blunt force trauma injuries and likely died instantly. He was pronounced dead at 7:20 p.m. at OSF HealthCare Saint Francis Medical Center.
   
 "Eddie was a very kind-hearted gentleman with a heart of gold," Wade said on Sunday. "He seriously would take his shirt off his back if you were in need. Everyone down here on the south end knew Eddie. He would always be fixing their mini-bikes, go-karts and lawn mowers. He would do almost anything for anyone, even if you had wronged him in some way."
   
 Always at Bolen's side was his 12-year-old son Josiah.
   
 "Josiah was his sidekick; they were always together," Wade said. "You see Eddie, you see Josiah."
   
 Bolen, who most recently had been employed at People Ready, loved to play loud rock 'n' roll music while he tinkered with engines.
   
 "The entire block would be able to hear what he was playing," Wade said. "His favorite band was Five Finger Death Punch."
   
 Toxicology is pending and the case remains under investigation by the Peoria Police Department.
   
 "He was an awesome guy, the best boyfriend I've ever had," Wade said. "He showed me that there are good guys out there."
   
 Dave Reynolds can be reached at dreynolds@pjstar.com. Follow him on Twitter at davereynolds2.


--DocBreak--
The Warriors didn’t even need half that time as the home team lost 4-8 in quick fashion to surrender to a team which was their superior for all four days of the Sheffield Shield opener which provided a potential snapshot of Australia’s cricketing future. A century and five wickets from all-rounder Ashton Agar, who was named man of the match,was a drought-breaking effort which have repercussions at Test level. And the buzz about powerful West Australian all-rounder Cameron Green was justified in one massive swat that set the tone for a push towards what became a final session victory over South Australia. Green smashed swing maestro Chadd Sayers for a six so big SA captain Travis Head had to leave the ring of steel surrounding Karen Rolton Oval to fetch it. It was the exclamation point on a WA innings that set the Redbacks an impossible task to win their Sheffield Shield opener. The home team took the game into the final hour, but couldn’t survive it. “To lose 20 wickets on a wicket we were only able to take seven on, we’ve got some work to do on both sides of our game. We have to try to find a method that will have success,” Head said. “We’ve got some young guys in the team who are trying to learn the game, but we have some senior guys who need to stand up.” HEADLESSHead, the incumbent Test number six and SA captain, was out, caught on the boundary, swatting Agar in the first innings for 31 and then didn’t walk off the field, he stormed off it when dismissed for 54 on the final day. His habit of slashing at balls outside his off-stump has long been his kryptonite, and it cost him again, this time after carving out what had been a patient, captains’s knock. Head said he took a lot of “ownership” for his bad first innings shot given his team was 2-230 at that stage.“It was a poor shot,” he said.“You’ve got to continue to try and get better and I’ll learn from that.” GET DIZZYThe Redbacks won just two of nine matches last season, which lead to a review from Test great Mike Hussey and a change in coach. Jason Gillespie, who took the reins, wasn’t at the match as he finishes quarantine after arriving home from England. He will be on deck for round two and will want to turn his team’s fortunes around. WA took to the SA bowlers piling on 696 runs for the loss of just seven wickets across two innings, and SA lost 9-130 after a good start in the first innings before the final session collapse.


--DocBreak--
Chelsea now have to wait three weeks for their next match as their upcoming WSL game was postponed after opponents Aston Villa returned a positive coronavirus test.
 Players will then go away on international duty for two weeks, meaning Hayes cannot build on the momentum her side are currently building.
 But the 43 year-old is not concerned about the lengthy break her team now have as she insists it is still very early in the season.
 "We don’t win the title in October so this doesn’t matter," she added. "The important thing is that we’ve put the players in the safest possible environment and if the decision is to postpone it for that reason then I support that.
 "You have to manage so many different situations over the course of the season and I don’t think it’s ever a straight run.
 "I’ve been doing this a long time, I would love to keep playing and I would love to keep the momentum building but I’m also over the moon that I’ve got them for a full training week so I can push them hard."
 ## Sign up to our newsletter
 Thanks, your email has been added to our newsletter.
 Thanks, your email has been added to our newsletter.
 Submitting...


--DocBreak--
Rays 4, Astros 2. Back in the ballpark where he started his big league career, Manuel Margot of the Tampa Bay Rays had a breakout game in the AL Championship Series with a three-run home run and a spectacular catch while tumbling over a wall in right field. The home run was huge, for sure, because it helped the Rays get halfway to the World Series with a 2-0 lead in the best-of-7 series. But they'll be talking about the catch for a long time. With two outs in the second and runners on second and third, Margot tracked George Springer's long foul ball to right field while shielding his face from the sun. He caught it as he tumbled over a padded railing atop a wall and landed on a walkway near the seats down the line at Petco Park. Margot popped up, smiled and held up his glove with the ball in it after a 102-foot sprint.
   
 Rays vs. Astros. Game 3, Tue, Oct. 13; Game 4, Wed., Oct. 14; if necessary, Game 5 Thur., Oct. 15; Game 6, Fri., Oct. 16; Game 7, Sat., Oct. 17.
   
 Braves 5, Dodgers 1. Austin Riley hit a home run in the ninth inning of the first game of the best-of-seven series at Globe Life Field. Ozzie Albies also had a two-run homer in the ninth.
   
 Braves vs. Dodgers. Game 2, Tue., Oct. 13; Game 3, Wed., Oct. 14; Game 4, Thur., Oct. 15; if necessary, Game 5, Fri., Oct. 16; Game 6, Sat., Oct. 17, Game 7, Sun., Oct. 17.


--DocBreak--
Azerbaijani Tartar region under fire by Armenian armed forces

