Fairfax said it was striking that the juror in the Taylor case alleged that prosecutors had brushed off questions about bringing additional charges. Prosecutors are supposed to be responsive to jurors' questions and concerns, he said.
 The possibility that Cameron mischaracterized the grand jury proceedings, as the juror claims, raises the question of whether prosecutors made an honest effort to seek justice in this case, Fairfax said.
 "If not, I think that there may be grounds for considering a new grand jury investigation with a different set of prosecutors," he said. "It may reach the same outcome, but there might be greater public confidence in those proceedings at the end of the day."
 Taylor was shot shortly after midnight on March 13.
 Walker fired one shot with a gun he owned legally. The three officers returned a total of 32 shots, six of which struck and killed Taylor.


--DocBreak--
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Technology and working around the clock should allow the U.S. Census Bureau to crunch numbers from the 2020 census in half the time originally allotted, but if the work isn't completed by a year-end deadline, the statistical agency will take the extra time needed to finish it, bureau officials said Wednesday.


--DocBreak--
No one was directly charged in the killing of Taylor, a 26-year-old Black woman, during the execution of a warrant as part of a drug investigation. Grand jurors indicted fired officer Brett Hankison on three counts of first- degree wanton endangerment, accusing him of risking the safety of three people in a neighboring apartment when his bullets entered their home. He has pleaded not guilty.
 Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron's office only presented the jurors with the first-degree wanton endangerment charges, the unidentified grand juror said in a statement. The panel asked about additional charges, and prosecutors told it that there would not be any because they "didn't feel they could make them stick," said the juror, who was not identified.
 "The grand jury didn't agree that certain actions were justified, nor did it decide the [wanton endangerment] indictment should be the only charges in the Breonna Taylor case," the unidentified juror said. "The grand jury was not given the opportunity to deliberate on those charges and deliberated only on what was presented to them."
 Cameron, a Republican, said at a news conference in September that the two officers whose bullets struck Taylor — Mattingly and Detective Myles Cosgrove — were justified in returning fire after Walker fired one shot. Walker has said he did not know that the people at the door were police.
 In the interview Wednesday, Mattingly denied accusations that Taylor's death was an example of police officers' disregard for Black lives. Her killing prompted seven months of protests in Louisville and became a flashpoint in the Black Lives Matter movement that gained momentum across the country this summer.
 "This is not relatable to a George Floyd. This is nothing like it. It's not an Ahmaud Arbery. It's nothing like it," Mattingly said, referencing two recent high-profile killings of Black men. "These are two totally different type incidences. It's not a race thing, like people want to try to make it to be."

