397, Cam Newton, NE at SEA 9/20 (30-44, 1 TD)


--DocBreak--
472, Dak Prescott, DAL at SEA 9/27 (37-57, 3 TD)


--DocBreak--
The Obama administration wants to make sure that aid, nonlethal as well as lethal, does not fall into the wrong hands. The rebel factions in the Supreme Military Council have built confidence and, Ward says, more equipment is in the pipeline for delivery this month, including trucks, communication gear and portable battlefield operating rooms.


--DocBreak--
"You always have to have a plan B in this kind of work," he says.


--DocBreak--
"Rescue teams have so far recovered 111 bodies and expect to find more than 100 others in the submerged wreck, which is sunk in around 40 meters of water less than 1 km (0.6 miles) from the shore of the southern island of Lampedusa. After 155 survivors were pulled from the water on Thursday, choppy seas were expected to make the recovery work more difficult and there was no realistic hope of finding any more of the estimated 500 passengers on board the vessel still alive."


--DocBreak--
BROCKTON -- In a place called The City of Champions, a housewife named Rae Zuckerman became a champion for the disabled, creating a comfortable gathering place for people who were otherwise shut-ins, confined to their homes every day with not much else to do.
 Zuckerman, now 85, established Living Independently for Equality Inc. in 1983 after being inspired by a story she read in The Enterprise, about the plight of a young man who became isolated and lonely as a disabled person, after suffering a paralyzing injury as a result of a car crash.
 While currently shut down due to the coronavirus pandemic, the organization continues to operate three days per week at its L.I.F.E. Center in the community room of Hamilton Wade Apartments at 54 Haverhill St., where members socialize, play games, get a free breakfast and lunch and receive assistance obtaining medical services, public benefits, legal aid and housing.
 "She read that article and she said, 'There's got to be other people like this stuck in the house,'" said Bobby Zuckerman, her son. "So she wanted to make a place where they can go and mingle and have something to do. The thing is, there's no one disabled in my family. She was a stay-at-home housewife who raised two boys. It was really out of the blue that she did this after reading a story in the Brockton Enterprise. She said, 'How do I help this kid and other people?' She founded a nonprofit. She learned to write grants."
 We can deliver news just like this directly to your inbox. You can sign up for News Alerts (so you don't miss anything important), our morning Daily Newsletter and more. It's customized to your preferences -- and it'll only take a few seconds.
 The Brockton City Council recently approved a proposal to dedicate Brookfield Drive as Zuckerman Way, giving the road an alternative name and installing a street sign bearing the name of Rae Zuckerman, recognizing her for establishing Living Independently for Equality, which continues to serve disabled adults and provides them a sense of community.
 Members get transportation to the program through the Dial-a-BAT service offered by the Brockton Area Transit Authority. In addition to offering a place to hang out, Living Independently for Equality hosts guest speakers and brings members on outings to restaurants, bowling alleys, bingo games, museums and the circus.
 Bobby Zuckerman said a dedication ceremony is being planned for Oct. 29 at 2:30 p.m. at the intersection of Brookfield Drive and Elsie Road. A red street sign with white lettering was purchased by the city and will soon be installed under the green sign for Brookfield Drive, which is where the Zuckerman family lives.
 Speaking by phone, the 85-year-old said she was honored by the street dedication.
 Rae Zuckerman is retired from her longtime role as executive director running the day-to-day operations of Living Independently for Equality, which has a team of volunteers and has been managed for the past five years by Cindy DiScipio. Those volunteers have included Rae Zuckerman's husband, Bernie Zuckerman, who has done the weekly food shopping for the organization since it opened 37 years ago.
 "During all these years, we've helped a lot of people," Rae Zuckerman said. "It was wonderful helping them. It has been worthwhile. It was wonderful."
 This isn't the first time Rae Zuckerman has been recognized for her efforts to help the disabled. Back in the early '90s, the Brockton woman was honored in the nationwide Maxwell House Coffee Real Hero's Contest, featured in People Magazine for her work and flown to Washington where she and the other contest winners met first lady Barbara Bush.
 "She said to Barbara Bush, 'It's such an honor to meet you,'" said Bobby Zuckerman, recalling the oft repeated story. "Barbara bush looked at my mother and said, 'No, honey, it's an honor to meet you.' That stuck with my mom a long time. It really meant a lot to her. And it's nice that she's being recognized again by the city for all she's done for disabled Brocktonians. It's a well-deserved recognition, and we're all very excited."
 In 1997, Rae Zuckerman was named the first Champion of the City, an award that was once announced each year by The Enterprise, honoring city residents for their contributions to the community. Zuckerman got the inaugural award along with Arthur Paquin, who also coincidentally has a street named after him in the city.
 The L.I.F.E. Center was originally located at the meeting room of the National Guard Armory on Montauk Road.
 Bobby Zuckerman said that after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, causing policy changes for federal properties, the L.I.F.E. Center was forced to relocate. Former state Sen. Thomas Kennedy, D-Brockton, who himself was a wheelchair user, was an early supporter of the organization and was "instrumental" in helping the group find a new home, Bobby Zuckerman said.
 "He was very involved helping my mother establish the center originally," Bobby Zuckerman said. "He was very gung-ho about it."
 Ward 1 Councilor Timothy Cruise, cousin of Kennedy, who died in 2015 while in office, confirmed the connection he formed with Rae Zuckerman before voting to support the street dedication.
 "He loved your mother," said Cruise, addressing Bobby Zuckerman at a recent city council meeting.
 Ward 6 Councilor Jack Lally said he went door-to-door to 30 homes in the Brookfield Drive neighborhood and people were supportive of the honorary street sign.
 "These people were all for it," Lally said to Bobby Zuckerman. "They have some very kind things to say. I think it's a testimony to our neighborhood. They all knew your mother. I think Mrs. Zuckerman is a pretty good case as someone who has done a lot for the city of Brockton and its residents and deserves such recognition from the city."
 Bobby Zuckerman said the center remains the only one of its kind throughout the state.
 "I can't tell you how many lives she's touched," he said. "It's countless. Our whole family is unbelievably proud of my mother's accomplishments. For somebody who never was affected by such a disability to have such a drive to help others with such problems is amazing. We're just glad that her legacy is going to live on."
 Staff writer Marc Larocque can be reached at mlarocque@enterprisenews.com. Follow him on Twitter @Enterprise_Marc. Support local journalism by purchasing a digital or print subscription to The Enterprise today.     


--DocBreak--
He writes that "500 people were crammed on board this small, 66ft-long boat. When the engine failed, there weren't any mobile phones or satellite phones to call for help." It was then, according to reports from Lampedusa, that some passengers may have set fire to a blanket in an attempt to signal for help. Tragically, the fire spread.

