Kern County Back In Business


--DocBreak--
Poll numbers like mine go wrong once in a blue moon': SNL mocks an overconfident Joe Biden as Hillary Clinton returns as a Halloween ghoul and Lil Wayne and Ice Cube show up to back Trump


--DocBreak--
“Every single day we’re seeing race-based disparities in every aspect of this virus,” Biden said at the drive-in event, shouting to be heard over the blaring car horns. He declared that Trump’s handling of COVID-19 was “almost criminal” and that the pandemic was a “mass casualty event in the Black community.”


--DocBreak--
“We believe we are going to protect,” Brown continued. “We believe the quarterback is going to put the ball where it’s supposed to be and in a catchable manner. I told them earlier this week, ‘Look, we’re going to keep calling these plays. I just expect you guys to catch more balls during the week and don’t grow weary of doing the right things and we’ll catch those balls.’
 “Just keep working on it. It’s a skill … you can work and put in time and invest, you improve that skill.”
 Perhaps the most important pass completion of the game for WVU was the first one, a 9-yard completion to the player who had come to symbolize the pass- dropping problem — Sam James.
 It was a birthday present for the birthday boy, and it became the gift that kept on giving, for the entire receiving crew began gobbling up everything that came its way.
 “That should silence them,” Bryce Ford-Wheaton said. “We still remember [what they were saying], so we’ll play with a chip on our shoulder the rest of the year.”
 There was no secret ingredient in changing things.
 “We caught more balls this week [in practice] than any other,” Ford-Wheaton said.
 In all, eight receivers caught passes, all with two or more led by Winston Wright Jr., and Leddie Brown with four each; Ford-Wheaton and James had three each and T.J Simmons, Mike O’Laughlin, Reese Smith and Ali Jennings had two each. Wright and Jennings each caught a touchdown pass.
 “I thought the offense really controlled the game,” Neal Brown said. “I thought, up front, we played with a lot of continuity. Those guys are really talented at defensive end. We just competed and tried to do some things to take the pressure off our tackles.
 “All of our phases just played well. We averaged six-plus yards per play. Five-for-five in the red zone. Had to kick a couple of field goals, but come away with points … Doege goes for his third straight game over 300 yards. Wheaton, I think, his first game over 100 yards. Leddie for the fourth time in six games over a hundred, and another one he was in the nineties. Just really consistent.”
 And even Alec Sinkfield, who had been having problems the past two games, broke loose for two long gains and finished with 85 yards on 14 carries.
 The two teams traded first-quarter field goals but it was becoming obvious that K-State had no answers for the WVU defense. That allowed the Mountaineers to erupt in the second quarter, getting a passing TD to Jennings of 5 yards, a 9-yard scoring run from Leddie Brown and then a 15-yard TD throw to Wright.
 The defense had its lone hiccup just before halftime when Howard connected with Malik Knowles for Kansas State’s only touchdown, a 35-yard pass.
 The second half was all West Virginia’s as Casey Legg, replacing an injured Evan Staley, kicked two field goals around Tonkery’s interception, which he ran 18 yards in for a score to make it a 37-10 final.


--DocBreak--
A record number of Americans — more than 59 million — have returned absentee ballots for the general election, after states expanded mail voting in an attempt to reduce the spread of the coronavirus.
 Now, election officials just have to count them all.
 But in some of the states that could decide the presidential race, election officials aren’t allowed to process, must less tally, mail ballots before Election Day. When America learns the final results could depend on when ballots are due and when they can be counted.
 Some battleground states, such as Arizona and Florida, have long histories with absentee voting and have adopted laws to start at least the initial stages of ballot processing — like opening envelopes and checking signatures — early. Other states don’t allow ballots to be processed or counted until election day or the day before.
 And Republicans nationally and in several states — including Pennsylvania, North Carolina and Wisconsin — have fought extended legal battles over added voter access and whether ballots postmarked by election day can be counted after Nov. 3. In 2016, President Trump carried Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania by razor-thin margins.
 Election officials have emphasized that it’s more important to get an accurate and complete count than a speedy one, but Trump and his campaign have claimed otherwise. As part of his attacks on mail voting and his efforts to cast doubt on the legitimacy of an election in which polls show him behind, the president has falsely suggested that counting ballots after election day violates U.S. law, when in fact it is the norm.
 “It would be very, very proper and very nice if a winner were declared on Nov. 3, instead of counting ballots for two weeks, which is totally inappropriate,” Trump said Tuesday. Experts say that’s just not true; results are never finalized on election night.
 Arizona (11 electoral votes)
 Excuse needed to vote absentee? No.
 When are ballots due? Must be received by 7 p.m. Nov. 3.
 When are ballots processed? Signature verification happens upon receipt. Vote tallying may begin 14 days before the election, but results may not be released until polls close.
 Arizona residents have been voting by mail for decades, and the state allows people to permanently sign up to receive absentee ballots. The state is also familiar with the extended counting period that comes with mail ballots — it took six days for the Associated Press to call the 2018 Senate race for Kyrsten Sinema.
 Florida (29 electoral votes)
 When are ballots due? Must be received by 7 p.m. Nov. 3.
 When are ballots processed? County officials were allowed to start tallying votes up to 30 days before Nov 3.
 The state has allowed no-excuse absentee voting since 2002, so voters are familiar with the process. State law says counties can begin processing ballots 22 days before the election. In June, Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis signed an executive order allowing them to start processing up to 30 days before, once they’d tested tabulation equipment.
 Georgia (16 electoral votes)
 When are ballots due? Ballots are due at 7 p.m. Nov. 3.
 When are ballots processed? Signatures on the envelopes are verified when ballots are received. Ballot scanning began Oct. 19. Counting of votes may not begin before polls close.
 In August, a federal judge blocked the state law requiring ballots to be received by 7 p.m. on election night and ruled that the state must accept ballots postmarked by election day and received in three days. After Republican Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger appealed, the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the election day deadline.
 Michigan (16 electoral votes)
 When are ballots due? Ballots must be received by 8 p.m. Nov. 3.
 When are ballots processed? Processing starts Nov. 2; counting begins Nov. 3.
 After thousands of ballots arrived too late to be counted in the state’s August primary, a state judge ruled that ballots postmarked by Nov. 2 would count if received within 14 days after the election. But the state appeals court on Oct. 16 blocked that decision, so by law, ballots are due by 8 p.m. Nov. 3. Democratic Gov. Gretchen Whitmer signed legislation Oct. 6 that allows election officials to begin processing ballots Nov. 2.
 Minnesota (10 electoral votes)
 When are ballots due? Mailed ballots must be postmarked by election day and received by Nov. 10. Voters can also turn in ballots in person by 3 p.m. Nov. 3.
 When does ballot processing begin? Ballots are verified and accepted or rejected upon receipt. At the close of business on the seventh day before election day, officials may open the ballots and place them in a ballot box. Counting begins after polls close.
 In Minnesota, which enacted no-excuse absentee voting in 2014, 6 out of 10 voters sent in ballots in the August primary. That month, a county judge ruled the state should allow general election ballots postmarked by Nov. 3 to be counted if they’re received by Nov. 10. An appeals court panel last week ordered all mail-in ballots received after 8 p.m. on election day be set aside, but it did not rule on the validity of those ballots.
 North Carolina (15 electoral votes)
 When are ballots due? Ballots postmarked by election day will be accepted until Nov. 12.
 When are ballots processed? Election officials were allowed to begin processing ballots starting Sept. 29. Counting begins election day.
 North Carolina officials expect to report on election night the totals for all in-person early voting ballots, election day ballots and mail-in ballots that arrive by Nov. 3, according to Patrick Gannon, a spokesman for the state’s election board. “Whether the media and/or candidates will be able to call winners ... will depend on how close contests are and how many absentee and provisional ballots remain to be counted after election day,” Gannon wrote in an email. State election officials agreed to extend the deadline for absentee ballots postmarked by election day from Nov. 6 to Nov. 12 as part of a consent decree resolving a lawsuit filed by a retirees group. After a protracted legal battle, the Supreme Court denied Republicans’ request to overturn the agreement.
 Ohio (18 electoral votes)
 When are ballots due? Ballots postmarked the day before the election will be accepted until Nov. 13.
 When are ballots processed? Ballots can be processed as soon as they arrive and counted on Nov. 3.
 Ohio’s secretary of state said the earliest tallies announced on election night will be the absentee ballots.
 Pennsylvania (20 electoral votes)
 When are ballots due? Ballots postmarked by election day must be received by election officials by 5 p.m. Nov. 6.
 When are ballots processed? Counting and processing may begin at 7 a.m. Nov. 3.
 Pennsylvania passed legislation last year allowing voters to request absentee ballots without an excuse. Following a request from election officials and a lawsuit from the state Democratic Party, the state Supreme Court in September ruled that ballots postmarked by election day and received by 5 p.m. three days after the election would count. The court also ruled that ballots that had a missing or illegible postmark would be considered on time if they weren’t obviously mailed after election day. Pennsylvania GOP leaders asked the U.S. Supreme Court to block the order. On Oct. 19, the high court deadlocked on the emergency request, allowing the Nov. 6 ballot deadline to remain.
 Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf had called for allowing election officials to begin processing ballots sooner, after it took more than two weeks to complete the count of the June primary, but the state Legislature did not change the law.
 Wisconsin (10 electoral votes)
 When are ballots due? Ballots are due by 8 p.m. Nov. 3.
 When are ballots processed? Processing and counting begins at 7 a.m. Nov. 3.
 The state’s April 7 primary in some ways set the tone for the November election — voters chose to mail in their ballots in record numbers even in the midst of a chaotic legal fight; nearly 1 million people — 60% of primary voters — mailed in their ballots. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that ballots in that primary had to be postmarked by April 7 but could be counted if they arrived by April 13. About 79,000 ballots arrived between April 8 and 13.
 A federal judge in September granted voters the same six-day grace period for the November election in a Sept. 21 ruling, but after challenges from the Republican National Committee, the Wisconsin GOP and state Republican lawmakers, the ruling was blocked by a federal appeals court. So under state law, absentee ballots will be due by 8 p.m. Nov. 3. Democrats appealed, but the Supreme Court declined to overturn the lower court’s ruling.


--DocBreak--
Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton could come face to face at Brooklyn Beckham's wedding after Victoria invited both royals despite 'worries a reunion would divert attention from her son's big day', source claims


--DocBreak--
Lamenting the huge loss of lives and damage to property by the unfortunate but avoidable accident, Oyeyemi explained that the accident occurred at about 6.30 pm when a DAF truck loaded with bags of rice rammed into stalls in the market and crashed into a Toyota Camry saloon car, Toyota Corolla and three motorcycles.


--DocBreak--
“When it happened, it was an amazing feeling, but I was really focused on the game. We were still down at that point. We were just looking at each other like man, we’ve got to win this thing. Can’t have this great record with an L. We were just focused on keep moving forward and keep getting that touchdown and scoring…so now I have this record and a W.”


--DocBreak--
For Crying Out Loud


--DocBreak--
On La Cienega Blvd, which is considered Restaurant Row, a lot of restaurants in the vicinity have suffered the same fate, with a lot of the establishments mostly remaining inoperative, even deciding to switch over to ghost kitchens, just to remain in business.


--DocBreak--
Vin Diesel thanks his late Fast And Furious costar Paul Walker as part of his inspiration to make music... after releasing new single Days Are Gone


--DocBreak--
New York Jets linebacker Avery Williamson (54) attempts to stop Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (87) from gaining yardage after a catch in the first half of an NFL football game on Sunday, Nov. 1, 2020, in Kansas City, Mo.


--DocBreak--
Trophy-laden start
 The 31-year-old made his professional debut for Slovakian outfit Slovan Bratislava in the 2007-08 season before going out on a six-month loan to fellow Slovakian top-tier club Petrzalka in January 2009. However, he still won a Slovak Super Liga medal after Bratislava won the league that season.


--DocBreak--
“The historical but also cultural reality for our community is that Election Day represents a collective political act and it’s a continuation of our struggle for full citizenship in this country,” said Adrianne Shropshire, the executive director of BlackPAC. “Black voters are showing up in ways that they did not in 2016 and we can take heart in that.”


--DocBreak--
Mick Jagger accuses President Trump of 'overeating, too much tweeting' and warns 'somebody will push you off the wall' in teaser to new song


--DocBreak--
WAUKESHA — On paper, Lakeside Lutheran wasn't better than Catholic Memorial.
 On the court, the Warriors fought, rallied and played with nothing to lose.
 And the end result, a 25-19, 24-26, 25-23, 17-25, 15-13 decision, sent second- seeded Lakeside Lutheran past top-seeded Catholic Memorial in a WIAA Division 2 sectional final and to its third state appearance in five years.
 "We knew we were the underdogs and we wanted to win," senior libero Kylee Gnabasik said. "That really drove us in knowing we were down and supposed to lose. That pushed us forward over them. We had a lot of confidence and everybody put forth their effort and it all came together."
 Lakeside lost its first three games of the season and then lost three weeks of the season while in a COVID-19-related quarantine. The Warriors (11-4) haven't lost in the postseason, though, and are now on the state stage again.
 "It's a crazy feeling," Gnabasik explained. "Payton (Kuepers) and I were talking about it and saying how we were going to get back to state. Especially in the last game, I just knew we could pull it out and we did."
 "Our goal wasn't to play in the state tournament," Lakeside Lutheran volleyball coach Jenny Krauklis added. "When we first started our season, we didn't know if there was going to be a state tournament. Our theme is brick by brick. We wanted to do the process. Every day at practice we were just going to do one more thing and get better at one more thing.
 "Then we got quarantined so the idea of state wasn't there. When we got back from quarantine, that was really hard. When people talk about how COVID affects your mental health, that really affected us. We had to take a day to pull together and remember the best part of a volleyball team is being together. It isn't the wins or losses. It's being together and creating memories. When we came back from quarantine that's what we did actually was create memories and have fun together.
 "Coming into this game we were the underdogs, we weren't really supposed to win. Catholic Memorial was stronger than us, had much better competition than us. We were the underdogs which just let us know we had nothing to lose. We wanted to come out here and play our hearts out. Leave it all on the court and the girls did an awesome job of that. That's what I told the girls after the game 'never underestimate the underdog'. We are of course thankful to our Lord and Savior. He made this all possible. It's awesome to just enjoy today."
 The Crusaders (17-6) had all the momentum entering the fifth set after winning the fourth by eight points, controlling it most of the way. They also the support of a lively home crowd.
 It didn't matter.
 An ace by Gnabasik gave Lakeside a 3-0 edge to open the fifth. The lead swelled to 6-1 after an errant returned soared long and a ball was double hit.
 Senior outside hitter Payton Kuepers had one of her team-leading 22 kills followed by another off-target Crusader return made it 8-3. Catholic Memorial hit the antenna on the next point.
 Junior middle Ella DeNoyer and Kuepers each had kills to help the Warriors preserve a two-point lead before Lakeside committed a service error that made it 11-10. Senior middle Sydney Langille made a nice play at the net to give the Warriors the next point.
 Senior outside hitter Olivia Krieser then made one of the marquee plays of the game, serving an ace to make it 13-10.
 "Olivia Krieser was able to pull off an ace and a couple of other strong serves to really help when we needed it," Krauklis said. "I was proud of her focus in those high-pressure situations."
 The Crusaders answered with the next three points to tie it up, including kills by senior middle hitter Gretchen Warner and senior right side Alyssa Nimz.
 Kuepers then spiked a return off a Crusader block and out of bounds to set up match point.
 Gnabasik stepped to the service line and after a brief rally, DeNoyer and sophomore right side Jenna Shadoski leaped simultaneously to block. Shadoski got a firm hand on the ball, sending it back over the net and emphatically to the floor as the Warriors jumped for joy in victory.
 "I think our confidence is huge. Even when Catholic Memorial had some runs we found a way to get out of it, stay confident and keep swinging," Kuepers said of keys to the game. "It's amazing. I'm so proud of my teammates. We went through so much and I also think that contributes to the chemistry we have on the court because in our personal lives we went through so much together. It's great, I love this team."
 "We knew when we were serving it, we liked our lineup against their lineup a little bit better. In the fifth set we did change our lineup," Krauklis added. "We moved one rotation so we would be lined up against them the way we were when we won. The serves we had against their serve receive and lining up our better rotations was important. We also focused on our block, I think we got a little slow. I reminded our blockers they needed to watch their hitters before the ball so they know the routes and could be blockers. We started out that fifth set with a couple of really nice blocks. That was huge. It made them make some hitting errors after being blocked which was huge. We've had a lot of five-set matches this year. I think we have the experience to know we could go into a five-set match and withstand it."
 After Langille had a kill to give Lakeside an 18-16 lead in the second, CM rolled off four points. Junior outside hitter Lily Schuetz and Langille had kills in a three-point span to tie it at 21. Kuepers then produced another tying kill to make it 24 apiece. After the Warriors had a double hit, senior defensive specialist Isabella Halcomb squared the match with an ace.
 In the third set, Gnabasik had an ace and Kuepers a kill to make it 7-2 Warriors. Kuepers then served a pair of aces, forcing a Crusader timeout, with the lead 14-5. Catholic Memorial pulled within one before Schuetz had a kill and DeNoyer an ace that made it 23-20. The Crusaders won the next three points but Schuetz had the set-ending point with a kill, putting Lakeside ahead 2-1.
 "My hitters did a really good job of mixing it up," said senior setter Kaylee Raymond, who had 41 assists. "Wherever I put it they were able to put it down. They swung, tipped and rolled. They did a really good job."
 Catholic Memorial scored the first five points of the fourth set and led nearly the entire way to extend the contest while Lakeside had a strong start to the match with a six-point win in the first.
 Lakeside lost in the state semifinals in the 2016 and won the D2 title a year later, a game Gnabasik and Kuepers played in.
 Four years later, they are the elder statesman of a team that will be playing Nov. 7 in Kaukauna in a one-day, four-team state tournament.
 "I think we know what we need to do to further ourselves, get better and win the next game," Gnabasik said. "I think our confidence with what we had in 2016 from Payton and I is really going to help the team a lot."
 DeNoyer finished with 10 kills and three blocks. Kuepers had three blocks, two aces and 25 digs.
 Langille had four blocks and Shadoski totaled three blocks. Krieser served two aces and Gnabasik tallied six aces and 32 digs.
 "We also did an exceptional job blocking," Krauklis said. "When that happens, it not only gets us points, but also causes the other team to start hitting around us which either forces an error or directs the ball to our back row to be played up, where Kylee did a great job digging up hard hit balls to keep us alive. Kaylee did a good job of placing the ball for our hitters to have good shots, and was even an offensive threat herself tonight."
 Edgewood, Luxemburg-Casco and Saint Croix Falls also qualified for the D2 tournament, which will feature semifinal matches at 1 p.m. and 4 p.m. with the finals at 7:30 p.m.
 Lakeside drew the No. 3 seed and will face No. 2 seed Edgewood at 4 p.m.


--DocBreak--
Restrictions will also be tightened from Monday in the cantons of Jura and Neuchatel, where public and private gatherings will be limited to five people and restaurants, cultural and sports facilities are to close.


--DocBreak--
The Cowboys kept trying, and probably too long. Leading 9-7 in the third quarter from the Philadelphia 26, Wilson was dropped for a 10-yard loss on a reverse. Two plays later, Zuerlein missed a 52-yard attempt.
 There was a final trick in the plan when the Cowboys intentionally took a safety so they could have a free kick with a 14-point deficit late in the fourth quarter. Chris Jones' popped up punt was perfect, but Justin March and Joe Thomas whiffed on chances to catch the high bounce, and the Eagles ended up with the ball.
 Through three full games without Prescott and what was the NFL's No. 1 offense at the time, the Cowboys have one touchdown -- in garbage time of a 38-10 loss to Arizona.
 Dallas actually got the running game going, which is why the 9-7 halftime lead lasted until late in the third quarter. Elliott and Tony Pollard combined for 103 yards on 26 carries, but Elliott still doesn't have a 100-yard game on his own. The two-time rushing champion has never gone more than two games into a season without a 100-yard day.
 The Cowboys also fixed the biggest problem they've had all season: turnover margin. Rookie cornerback Trevon Diggs had two interceptions -- the first Dallas player with more than one since Jeff Heath five years ago -- and Dallas finished plus-2 after coming in with by far the NFL's worst margin.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 99¢ for the first month
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 99¢ for the first month
 News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 # Legislators want special-session details from Parson
 Kurt Erickson St. Louis Post-Dispatch
 JEFFERSON CITY – Missouri lawmakers return to the Capitol this week for a rare lame-duck special session, but Gov. Mike Parson hasn't provided details of what he wants them to do.
 Other than a broad outline focusing on state budget matters, Democrats and Republicans say they have not seen any proposed legislation from a governor who spent last week on the campaign trail as he tries to win a full four-year term.
 "It's been a week since Governor Parson called another special legislative session, and he still hasn't seen fit to tell lawmakers exactly what he wants us to do," said House Minority Leader Crystal Quade, D-Springfield. "In fact, since issuing his call he has been strangely silent about it. If this is important enough to merit the first lame-duck session in 50 years, you would think he would be eager to share the details."
 Republicans who control the House also haven't seen any details. Parson budget chief Dan Haug did not respond to an interview request last Friday.
 Parson, who has been on a 33-stop campaign bus tour heading toward Tuesday's election, announced the session for the purpose of passing a supplemental budget bill that includes funding for school lunches, homeless programs, job training grants and other issues.
 It is expected he also will seek spending authority to pay for a witness protection program he says could help reduce the record number of homicides in St. Louis and Kansas City.
 Money also could be allocated to the National Guard, which has been participating in the state's response to the pandemic.
 Some of the spending could come from a new influx of federal stimulus funding.
 Missouri has received $3.06 billion from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, and about $1.2 billion of that remains unspent. The state has funneled $542 million of the federal money to local governments and could see some of that returned if counties don't spend their allotments.
 The special session, which begins Thursday, is unusual because some of the lawmakers will have either lost their races or are not seeking re-election because of term limits. Parson, who is running against Democratic Auditor Nicole Galloway, also could be a lame duck if he loses.
 Just as a special session on crime turned into a sometimes messy 55-day marathon that left the governor with just two of seven legislative wins, the upcoming session will not be a quick affair, despite earlier assertions from the governor.
 Tentative schedules show the House will take up matters first, with an eye on finishing their work on Nov. 10. The Senate isn't scheduled to take up debate until Nov. 19, with a goal of finishing on Nov. 20.
 Parson also said he is open to expanding the scope of the special session to alter state laws to shield businesses such as nursing homes from lawsuits stemming from the pandemic.
 He repeated his stance on the campaign trail during a stop in Columbia last week but has not formally asked lawmakers to take the issue up when they return.
 "I think some of the liability on this COVID-19 is something that needs to be addressed, because those issues are going to come too," Parson said.
 Quade urged the governor to make public exactly what he wants so lawmakers can review it before the session begins.
 "If he doesn't have a plan, then he needs to use the billions of dollars in federal spending authority the Legislature already has provided and call the session off before he wastes another $200,000-plus in taxpayer money like he did with his failed special session earlier this year that lasted seven weeks and accomplished little," Quade said.
 Careers Accessibility Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook Twitter E-Edition Archives
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Pay Your Ad Bill Reviewed.com 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.examiner.net. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
To enhance cultural and people-to-people exchanges is a common aspiration of all the people across the world and conforms to the common interests of all countries. However, some U.S. politicians are incredibly taking normal cultural and people-to-people exchanges as a thorn in the flesh. Cultural hegemony is flowing in their blood. Last year, they even blatantly announced to launch a civilization competition between China and the U.S., and build a frame of U.S.-China relations based on the clash of civilizations. Such practice received broad criticism and condemnation from the international society.


--DocBreak--
The Dish: Judges Judy and Jerry Sheindlin hold court at Polpo


--DocBreak--
Kelly Clarkson sizzles as Meryl Streep's character Madeline from the 1992 film Death Becomes Her for her Halloween show: 'The look is to DIE for!'


--DocBreak--
D’Antoni explained the reasoning in a Zoom interview this week.
 “Experience is a funny thing,” D’Antoni said. “It can be a benefit, or sometimes it can lead to your downfall. You can get complacent and you’ve done it for so long that you don’t have the same enthusiasm that you’ve once had. You have to be aware of that.
 “Sometimes people just say, ‘Well, they’re experienced. They are going to play better.’ That’s not a guarantee. I think what it does guarantee is that they know what we’re doing. We don’t have to spend the time teaching them new stuff. The stuff they’re familiar with, we’re brushing up on and trying to do little things and find little odds and ends that make it even better.”
 In addition to the wealth of experience, D’Antoni has added three pieces in Logan’s David Early, Chapmanville’s Obinna Anochili-Killen and Spring Valley’s C.J. Meredith. All bring an important dynamic to the practice sessions.
 Early is a tough guard who can score at will, which brings an edge, while Anochili-Killen is more known for his defensive prowess and energy on the floor. Meredith is also a lengthy shooter who can fill it up when left open, meaning the practices take on an intense feel with the newcomers trying to prove themselves against the older players.
 As Marshall looks to incorporate all the pieces in its arsenal for the 2020-21 season, D’Antoni said the key to capitalizing on the experience is to stay healthy away from the court and not get into bad situations that lead to COVID-19 complications.
 “They’ve all taken it upon themselves to be extremely cautious and watch how much contact they have with people because they want to play this season and they want to have a chance at doing something they love to do,” D’Antoni said.
 The 2020-21 season start date is Nov. 25, according to the NCAA. It is expected that Marshall will have a game on that date, although no official schedule has been released.
 The non-conference schedule could be released next week.


--DocBreak--
Paw Patrol was on a roll': The Hills star Heidi Montag shares snaps with Spencer Pratt and son Gunner, 3, in Halloween costumes

