Debbie Smith waited more than an hour to cast her ballot Tuesday morning.
   
 She was the first of more than a dozen voters who braved the cold morning on Election Day at City Park in Shelby to make sure that their ballots were counted. The Shelby resident came early hoping to bypass waiting behind others.
   
 "I wanted to make sure I wasn't waiting in line," Smith said.
   
 The longtime voter made her way to the polls for the health and safety of her elderly parents in the coming years. Smith invited them to join her on that brisk morning, but they decided to wait until the weather warmed up a bit, she said.
   
 She wasn't the only one who decided to wait until Election Day to cast her ballot.
   
 Dozens of early risers across the county passed on early voting in Cleveland County to make sure they were well educated on the issues and positive in their decision of which circle they were going to fill in on the ballot.
   
 "I just wanted to wait and make sure I was sure on my decision," said Tim Meeks after casting his ballot at Holly Oak Park in Shelby.
   
 He was happy to cast his ballot this year.
   
 "It felt good," Meeks said. "This year is more important than ever with this pandemic."
   
 From Casar to Kings Mountain, people trickled into the polls after the county had a historic number of people turn out for early voting and turning in mail- in ballots this year.
   
 Of the 66,967 registered voters in Cleveland County, 41,206 people (or 60.8%) already voted by the end of early voting on Saturday. Of that total, 35,999 were early voters and 5,207 had voted by mail-in ballots. The number of early voters in 2020 is almost the same number of people that voted in total for the 2016 presidential election.
   
 Pat Bowen, a chief judge for the Cleveland County Board of Elections in Casar said she saw many first-time voters register during this election year.
   
 "It's a larger turnout that I have seen (over the years). We had a lot of people register the day they voted," Bowen said.
   
 Areas like Polkville saw a large turnout of early voters and weren't expecting as many people Tuesday. The chief judge for the precinct, Dobbins Lattimore, knew there would be rushes throughout the day.
   
 "It's been steady. We usually see waves of voters coming in around lunch, then one after school and then another around 5 p.m.," Lattimore said.
   
 As the early morning wave of voters subsided around 9 a.m., poll workers sanitized stations getting ready for the usual lunchtime rush.
   
 Polls closed at 7 p.m., then the tallying process began. Election officials expect 95% of votes will be counted hours after polls close. After that, only mail-in ballots postmarked by Election Day and received by officials on or before Nov. 12, will need to be counted.
   
 Joyce Orlando can be reached at 704-669-3341 or find her on Twitter @Star_J_Orlando.


--DocBreak--
Days before Chinese fintech giant Ant Group was scheduled to go public in what would have been the world’s largest listing, regulators put plans on hold. WSJ’s Quentin Webb explains the sudden turn of events and what the IPO suspension means for the company's future.


--DocBreak--
Your publisher must compliment all of the other skills that are needed, and that doesn't just mean being good at UA and monetisation - it means being great at them, which means knowing them so deeply that they can confidently innovate and get creative. You need people who can look at the entire picture of a game, not just specific KPIs, since long-term success is about building for profitability at scale. Working with experts that know what's important to look at and when, will make or break your game.


--DocBreak--
The country raised its security alert to the maximum level after Nice attack on Oct. 29.


--DocBreak--
Our team of journalists will continue to be up around the clock to offer the latest developments and insights as the count goes on.


--DocBreak--
“Fascists are shedding crocodile tears & shedding scales of even leftover shame.Nation knows who doesn’t want #JusticeForAnvayNaik & those are ones who’ve mistreated many righteous journalits, Daughters & victims of atrocities, retired IPS officers, our braves, veterans, and farmers.”


--DocBreak--
One hundred years ago this week, an unsung champion of the Zionist cause who has not received his due won a landslide victory in the race for the White House. And since his important contribution to the eventual establishment of the modern State of Israel has largely been overlooked, now would seem to be a fitting time to recall with gratitude what Warren G. Harding did for the Jewish people.
 On November 2, 1920, Harding, a Republican, garnered 60.2% of the popular vote and a whopping 404 electoral votes to be elected the 29th president of the United States. He took office on March 4, 1921, (only in 1937 was the presidential inauguration switched to January 20), and died on August 2, 1923, barely half-way through his first and only term. Nonetheless, in that brief period, Harding did a great deal to lay the groundwork for future US support of the yet-to-be reborn Jewish state.
 To begin with, following in the footsteps of his predecessor Woodrow Wilson, Harding did not hesitate publicly to express sympathy for Zionism and its lofty aims. On June 1, 1921, less than three months after taking the oath of office, Harding presciently noted, "It is impossible for one who has studied at all the service of the Hebrew people to avoid the faith that they will one day be restored to their historic national home and there enter on a new and yet greater phase of their contribution to the advance of humanity." Subsequently, on January 13, 1922, Harding hosted Nahum Sokolow, the president of the Executive Committee of the World Zionist Congress, at the White House for nearly an hour and expressed "sympathy for Zionism" while also promising "the further support of the United States government." The meeting gave Sokolow and his delegation an important boost in their efforts to drum up American support for a Jewish state.
 Several months later, on May 11, 1922, in a letter to a Zionist committee, the president wrote, "I am very glad to express my approval and hearty sympathy for the effort of the Palestine Foundation fund in behalf of the restoration of Palestine as a homeland for the Jewish people. I have always viewed with an interest, which I think is quite as much practical as sentimental, the proposal for the rehabilitation of Palestine and the restoration of a real Jewish nationality, and I hope the efforts now being carried on in this and other countries in this behalf may meet the fullest measure of success." Similarly, in a missive sent to the Zionist Organization of America on June 25 of that year, he exclaimed even more forcefully, "A long-time interest, both sentimental and practical, in the Zionist movement causes me to wish that I might meet the members of the organization and express the esteem which I feel in behalf of the great movement".
 BUT HARDING did not limit himself merely to speaking out in support of Zionism, the national-liberation movement of the Jewish people. He also deployed his presidential pen to make Zionist history.
 On September 21, 1922, Harding signed the Lodge-Fish Resolution, a joint resolution passed unanimously by both houses of Congress that endorsed the 1917 Balfour Declaration in which the British government had expressed its support for the creation of a Jewish national home in the Land of Israel.
 The resolution had been introduced in June 1922 by two Republicans, Rep. Hamilton Fish III and Senator Henry Cabot Lodge, but quickly gained widespread bipartisan approval. Indeed, Congressman James A. Gallivan (D-MA) said that he hoped it would "be a source of encouragement to the Jewish people in their struggle to repatriate themselves to the land from which they were exiled by force." Not surprisingly, both the US State Department and The New York Times opposed the resolution, but the president ignored their protestations and insisted on giving it his seal of approval.
 By adding his signature, Harding conferred official US backing upon the aims of the Zionist movement, further legitimizing it in the eyes of many Americans as well as many Jews, some of whom had been wary of openly espousing Zionism for fear of what their non-Jewish neighbors might think, but the bipartisan vote, together with the president's imprimatur, helped to allay those fears. Moreover, it set the stage for subsequent US administrations to support Israel both in 1948 when it was established and beyond.
 The signing of the resolution epitomized Harding's deeply-held conviction that the Jewish people would inevitably return to the land of their ancestors. Just a few weeks prior, on August 21, 1922, when he sent out New Year's greetings to American Jewry, Harding movingly wrote, "The commemoration this year of Rosh Hashanah, the New Year day of the Jewish people, will mark the end of a year peculiarly notable in Jewish annals. It has seemed the definite assurance to the Jewish people that their long aspiration for re-establishment of Jewish nationality in the homeland of this great people is to be definitely realized. This is an event of notable significance, not only to the Jewish people but to their friends and well-wishers everywhere, among whom the American nation has always been proud to be numbered." Less than a year later, Harding died suddenly at the age of 57. Although he was extremely popular at the time, his reputation suffered a terrible blow when a series of scandals and extramarital affairs came to light after his death. Indeed, among historians, he has long been ranked as one of the worst presidents in American history. Nevertheless, the Jewish people owe Harding a debt of gratitude for promoting Zionism and giving the cause of Jewish statehood an important lift, particularly in the aftermath of the Balfour Declaration. In doing so, he took a principled stand, defying the critics and setting a precedent for his successors, one that lives on until today.
 And for that, the Jewish people can and should always be grateful.
  _   _
  _The writer is the founder and chairman of Shavei Israel (_ _www.shavei.org_ _), which assists lost tribes and hidden Jewish communities to return to the Jewish people._


--DocBreak--
setTimeout 300ms for the recheck is visible when you click on the button


--DocBreak--
A Belmont man won a $1 million lottery prize, but in the way North Carolina does its prizes he actually took home a little less.
   
 Daniel Kennedy of Belmont won the final Big Money $1 million top prize in the $10 scratch-off game.
   
 "I made it in time, I guess," joked Kennedy as he claimed his prize at lottery headquarters on Monday.
   
 Kennedy purchased his $10 ticket from the Ingco Express on Lowell Bethesda Road in Gastonia.
   
 "I was shocked," he told lottery officials. "I didn't know what to think at first. I reread the ticket probably 40 times at least. It's been crazy."
   
 Kennedy had a choice of receiving his prize as an annuity of $50,000 over 20 years, which would total $1 million, or a lump sum of $600,000. He chose the lump sum and, after required state and federal tax withholdings, received $424,503.
   
 "It means a lot," said Kennedy of his good fortune. He says his prize money will go toward paying off bills and helping out his family members.
   
 The Big Money game started in December 2019 with three top prizes of $1 million. Kennedy won the last top prize so the lottery will begin steps to end the game.
   
 Ticket sales from scratch-offs make it possible for the lottery to raise more than $725 million per year for education, according to lottery officials.
   
 You can reach Kevin Ellis at 704-869-1823 or kellis@gastongazette.com.


--DocBreak--
"We have to be on the same page regarding our insistence on financial and technological support from the advanced economies, so that India can also catch up and march ahead," the minister said.


--DocBreak--
ATLANTA — Into a third day, Georgia's count continues with the eyes of the nation - and, frankly, the world - on the Peach State as the gap between President Trump and Joe Biden narrows.


--DocBreak--
The Migration and Asylum ministry said that 35 of those on board were from Turkey, 15 from Afghanistan and many of the others from Iraq.

