Kemoko Turay's status vs. Ravens still up in the air


--DocBreak--
Each scenario would also have an effect on the council’s projected return on investment.
 If scenario one becomes apparent, the council believes it will make £1.40 for every £1 it has invested, while if scenario four happens – and demand drops by 20% – the council will just break even by making £1.04 for every £1 spent.
 The report advises councillors on the cost of scrapping the tram extension entirely: “To assess the opportunity cost of continuing with the project, the cost of cancellation has been considered, including the costs incurred to date, compensation payments that may become due to contractors and reinstatement costs totalling £60.2m.
 “When considered alongside the £47.2m incurred on the project to 30 September 2020, the cost of cancellation would total £107.4m compared with £207.3 to build the line.”


--DocBreak--
Most exit polls for Bihar that were resleased on Saturday, 11 November, predicted a neck and neck fight between the Mahagathbandhan and the NDA, except for My Axis India that predicted a cleran sweep for Tejashwi Yadav.


--DocBreak--
Thanks. And just one last one. As we've seen broadband in the marketplace, the adoption of that accelerate through the pandemic. Are these lost opportunities for the customers that you're going after just because of the delay in the Jupiter satellite? Or, does the product and the value that your product provides once the new satellite gets up in the air, does that create the same type of opportunity to gain share and grow your base over time?


--DocBreak--
If you want a number, that's the best one we can give you. But again, I think it varies all over the place.


--DocBreak--
With Joe Biden projected to have won the presidency, countries around the world looked ahead to what a Democratic administration would mean for them.
 Many hope the period of American isolationism and country-first populism under President Trump will give way to an era of renewed U.S. global leadership and embrace of multilateralism to tackle common challenges.
 Frank Bainimarama, the prime minister of Fiji, was among the first to congratulate Biden outright, saying in a tweet that they must work together to confront a warming planet and rebuild the global economy.
 "Now, more than ever, we need the USA at the helm of these multilateral efforts (and back in the #ParisAgreement - ASAP!)," he wrote.
 Hours later, congratulations from world leaders and others - who were watching the vote count unfold - were finally uncorked as soon as U.S. media organizations declared Biden the winner.
 Nicola Sturgeon, the first minister of Scotland, hailed "President-Elect Joe Biden and the history-making Vice President-Elect Kamala D. Harris."
 "I want to congratulate the new President Elect of the USA @JoeBiden Joe Biden has been a true friend of this nation throughout his life and I look forward to working with him in the years ahead," wrote Irish Prime Minister Micheál Martin.
 "I heard a Pan-European sigh of relief, when Biden's victory was called," said a German member of European Parliament, Reinhard Bütikofer.
 Others continued to focus on the battered image of American democracy - sometimes with open glee.
 "Who's the Banana Republic now?" Publimetro, a Colombian daily newspaper, asked on its front page.
 The Times of India, which predicted Biden's win with the headline "Bye Don, It's Biden Finally," said that H1-B work visas - allowing nonimmigrants to work in the United States - are unlikely to return in their previous scale or numbers, even if the Biden administration has a more favorable immigration policy. But it noted that the Democrats could be stronger on human rights violations in India. The newspaper also described celebrations in Harris' ancestral village in southern India - the birthplace of her maternal grandfather - where residents were feeling festive ahead of the traditional Diwali celebrations.
 In China, relations with the United States have plummeted to their lowest ebb in 40 years amid bitter disputes over trade, technology, human rights and the coronavirus pandemic. But hopes have been stirred that, despite fundamental differences, a Biden win might act as a circuit-breaker and offer a window for cooperation in certain areas.
 From Beijing's perspective, "a Biden presidency is more likely to put a floor under the current free-fall in relations, judging by his recent remarks on China and those of his foreign policy advisers," wrote Wang Xiangwei, a columnist and editorial adviser at the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post. Chinese officials, he said, are hoping for at least a short-term respite to the vitriol that has dominated Sino-U. S. relations under Trump.
 Still, an op-ed in the nationalistic Global Times tabloid noted deep partisan divisions in the United States that it said would not be easily eased.
 "The U.S. will remain united from outside but divided from within, no matter who is president," wrote Zhang Jiadong, a professor at the Center for American Studies at Fudan University.
 Iranian officials have largely avoided commenting on the election impasse and its possible implications for U.S. policies, such as the future of economic sanctions and the fate of the 2015 nuclear deal negotiated by the Obama-Biden administration. Trump withdrew from the pact two years ago and has stepped up sanctions on Tehran.
 "For us, the individual and the party are not important; rather, what matters is the policies to be adopted by the U.S. government," Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Saturday. Rouhani has urged the U.S. to return to its commitments under the nuclear deal, known officially as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, and rejected Trump' calls to renegotiate it.
 The Chairman of Tehran's City Council, Mohsen Hashemi Rafsanjani, on Saturday congratulated the family of Qasem Soleimani, the former commander of Iran's elite Quds Force, who was killed in a U.S. military drone strike in January near Baghdad. Rafsanjani said the targeted killing helped cause "Trump's heavy defeat," BBC Persian reported.
 Iranians, battered by an economic crisis alongside the coronavirus, have been following the election with intense scrutiny. Aftab-e Yazd, an Iranian reformist newspaper, declared on its Saturday front page: "A world without Trump."
 The global pandemic added urgency to Biden's pledge to reverse Trump's approach, which has left the United States estranged from the World Health Organization and facing the highest numbers of deaths and new cases at home.
 After Trump withdrew from the World Health Organization - in protest of what he claim was a bias toward China - Biden this summer pledged to rejoin the U.N.'s health agency on his first day in office. Biden is a "globalist at heart," wrote Natasha Kassam, a research fellow at Sydney's Lowy Institute political think tank, in the Guardian.
 "When it comes to global public health," she added, "America has literally left the building."
 With Trump still seemingly determined to contest the election results in court, some expressed fears for what he might unleash, even if he eventually concedes.
 "The squatter" was the title of the Saturday cover of Der Spiegel, a leading German news magazine. A defiant, fatigue-clad Trump is depicted holding a rifle, barricaded in the Oval Office with a bullet-holed picture of a smiling Biden in the backdrop.
 In Britain, the Guardian declared Trump in a "fight against reality," but noted in an editorial that Biden would have his work cut out to "rebuild the U.S. government's credibility after Trumpism hollowed out its institutions."
 "He will have to reassert America's role as the global problem-solver," it said. "Under Mr. Trump the 'indispensable nation' disappeared when it was needed the most."
 Others mocked Trump's efforts to remain in power. "One small hand clinging to everything except reality," read the front page of the Saturday Paper in Australia.
 The Japanese government, meanwhile, warned its nationals in the United States that they may become caught up in election-related violence, and told people to take precautions, including "considering whether it is appropriate to travel to work while protests continue," according to the Mainichi newspaper.
 The Trump brand continued to find support among those on the far right who support Trump's nativist-driven populism. Nigel Farage, who leads the U.K.'s Brexit party, wrote in an opinion piece that he believed Trump is right to "keep up the fight," and repeated the president's untruths that widespread postal voting is problematic and open to fraud.
 In Japan, a burger outlet near a U.S. naval base followed a long tradition of naming a burger after every sitting American president by adding the Biden Burger to its menu. The owner began serving the Trump burger four years ago and wanted to be ready for the impending result as the vote count nears a conclusion, according to public broadcaster NHK.
 The Biden Burger pays homage to his Scranton, Pa., roots. It comes with Philadelphia-style cheese and potato chips to represent Pennsylvania, a major chip producer. The Trump Burger has a dash of jalapeño, "supposedly reflecting Trump's sharp tongue," NHK wrote.
 \- - -
 The Washington Post's David Crawshaw in Hong Kong contributed to this report.


--DocBreak--
The WKU Chief of Police Mitchell Walker hosted a self-defense course Thursday night in DSU.
 The course went over the basics of staying safe on and off campus in a variety of situations.
 The room was set up with chairs six feet apart, and hand sanitizer and gloves were provided for the punching and kicking demonstrations.


--DocBreak--
The market challenge is still to maintain ongoing operations, especially in a second wave of COVID-19 comes into place. Two, buy time to face upcoming financial and non-financial deadlines. Access to new credit lines of money from the capital markets remain restricted until the plea agreement has been signed. This event is delayed by a few possible to happen before year end. The situation will represent a strong challenge in the next month for our cash flow.


--DocBreak--
The race for the 2024 Republican nomination has already quietly begun behind the scenes. A wide range of candidates are testing the waters, from moderates like Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, to firebrands like Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton and former Trump officials like ex-South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley. Trump's eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., has become a particular favorite with the president's loyal supporters on the campaign trail, meaning the Trump name could endure.


--DocBreak--
And bear in mind that during the second quarter of this year, the backlog in terms of new contracts at DYM was very was almost non-commercially moved. For instance, following the start of advances in -- related to new project, the cash amount is expected to increase, but again cash really, basically, assigned to the execution of each of the project that is being awarded.


--DocBreak--
Biden anticipa una 'clara victoria' y anuncia que ya se ha puesto a trabajar


--DocBreak--
Like the rest of the world, Africa has been paying close attention to the US election, since the United States still wields significant influence on what happens there. "Whoever is in charge in Washington and the policies they pursue have direct and indirect consequences for the continent," Achille Mbembe, a Cameroonian political analyst, told DW.
 According to The Associated Press, Joe Biden has attained enough electoral college votes to become the next US president. Biden has pledged to unite the US after a bitter and hotly contested vote. President Donald Trump, for his part, has claimed that the Democrats have "stolen" the election and refused to concede defeat. Instead, Trump and his Republican party have launched multiple legal challenges in a bid to overturn the election outcome.
 "Many Africans look at the US elections in a very cynical way — cynical in the sense that they know what stolen elections are all about," Mbembe said. "They know about incumbents not wanting to concede that they have been defeated." Some Africans have joked on social media that the US is becoming more or less like a post-colonial African state.
 ## A bad example for Africa?
 "It is surprising for Europeans and Americans, but not for Africans," Togolese activist Innocent Sossou said of Donald Trump's decision to declare himself the winner of the November 3 election. Trump is challenging the results in several states and wants a recount in Wisconsin.
 Watch video 02:17


--DocBreak--
In the meantime, it remains unclear whether Trump will accept the results of the election or continue to contest them as he spends the next three months as a lame duck president.


--DocBreak--
Detroit election workers work on counting absentee ballots for the 2020 general election at TCF Center on November 4, 2020 in Detroit, Michigan. - President Donald Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden are battling it out for the White House, with polls closed across the United States -- and the American people waiting for results in key battlegrounds still up for grabs. (Photo by JEFF KOWALSKY / AFP) (Photo by JEFF KOWALSKY/AFP via Getty Images)


--DocBreak--
Joe Biden wins presidency as Pennsylvania puts him over the top, first woman VP Kamala Harris makes history

