Close call with ‘disaster’ as iconic tree topples
 Environment


--DocBreak--
The development was given the green light from the council last week but there are several boxes to tick during construction.


--DocBreak--
Bayern Munich are the team to beat now
 After eight straight wins that have seen them score 26 goals and concede none, Bayern Munich not Wolfsburg are the team to beat in the Women's Bundesliga at the moment.
 Wolfsburg have owned the league for the past four years, but Bayern's chances of challenging for the trophy are as good as ever this year. A 3-0 win against newly promoted Meppen helped Bayern stay two points clear of Wolfsburg at the top of the table.
 Jens Scheuer's side mean business. After the departures of players like Kathrin Hendrich and Melanie Leupolz, the club has managed to build a new and stronger foundation. The arrival of top prospects like Lea Schüller, Klara Bühl, Sarah Zadrazil and the experienced Marina Hegering, who has made an immediate impact to their defense, have kept Bayern strong.


--DocBreak--
El Presidente se acomodó en unos de los palcos del Hemiciclo de la Asamblea Legislativa Plurinacional de Bolivia y recibió el cálido recibimiento de legisladores y dirigentes sociales presentes en el recinto a través de un aplauso.


--DocBreak--
The Den will be back on our screens every Sunday at 6.30pm in the run up to Christmas.
 Ray told the RTE Guide: "Someone asked us the other day if there will be a script and we all just laughed. It will be as rough and ready and lo-tech as it was back in the day."
 Meanwhile Ray's Saturday night chat show did not return this season because the host didn't want to do it during lockdown.
 The star explained that he didn't want to front a show that consisted of Zoom interviews and no audiences, something which chat shows all over the world have had to do to stay on air.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW      99¢ for the first month
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 99¢ for the first month
 News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 # Newport County Realtor board announces 2021 president, Realtor of the Year
 Savana Dunning
 Newport Daily News
 Newport County’s Realtor trade association announced new leadership for 2021, as well as its Realtor of the Year.
 The Newport County Board of Realtors is the local branch of the National Association of Realtors. The board announced Jennifer Hilton, a Newport Keller Williams Realtor living in Tiverton, will serve as its 2021 president following the organization’s annual convention in November.
 Hilton previously served as a chairperson for the Newport Board’s Realtor Political Action Committee, the political advocacy arm of the organization focusing on local zoning, planning and homeownership issues. She also served on the board for four years as a Member at Large, Treasurer and President- Elect, and was named Keller Williams Rookie of the Year in 2014, the year she received her license.
 The board’s 2021 leadership team also includes President-Elect Brian Russell, Treasurer Mary Budlong and Immediate Past President Noelle Shiland.
 The board also announced former state Real Estate Commission member Ginny Pritchett as its 2020 Newport County Realtor of the year.
 Pritchett, who is now in the running for the 2020 Rhode Island Realtor of the Year Award, has been a member of the board for more than 30 years and served on the South County Montessori School board and the Rhode Island Association of Realtor Forms Committee, which manages Realtor real estate forms and contracts for the state. Pritchett resides in Jamestown, where she works for Island Realty.
 Careers Accessibility Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook Twitter E-Edition Archives
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Pay Your Ad Bill Reviewed.com 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.newportri.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
The council, which covers towns including Kingaroy, Murgon, Nanango and Wondai, also claims that water pumps which were required to have a minimum design life of 15 years have deteriorated and corroded "causing the blockage of the internal cooling lines, resulting in the clear water pumps overheating, deterioration of the impeller wear rings and deterioration of the impeller hubs".


--DocBreak--
TAUNTON -- John-Paul and Peter Thomas had always wanted to own a restaurant in the Silver City.
 Since opening Bar 88 & Grille in 2017, the Taunton brothers looked to create a place with a little flare in the city.
 But when COVID-19 closed down their establishment at 88 Wales St. in March, the duo had to start again from scratch.
 "It was up and down before the pandemic," John-Paul said. "But like everybody else when COVID-19 hit, it took the wind out of our sails. But since coming back it has been very positive."
 Now, the best-kept secret in the city is back and better than ever.
 The restaurant specializes in thin crust, flatbread brick oven pizzas made fresh daily with straight mozzarella in a wood-fired, all natural brick oven outdoors with a temperature set at over 500 degrees.
 This unique, smoky-flavored pizza has many options on the menu, including classic cheese, Caprese, Greek, BBQ chicken, Hawaiian and Mediterranean. You can also build your toppings to satisfy your taste buds.
 They also serve fresh seafood, sandwiches, burgers, appetizers and other tasty entrees. There are 10 beers on tap and they will soon feature a margarita tap.
 John-Paul said he does offer fresh-made Lebanese food but had cut back on that option on their regular menu in July due to COVID-19.
 "We get a lot of people coming in for the first time and they did not know about this place," he said. "We're here. Everybody said 'We did not realize you were here … I did not know it existed'."
 Bar 88 & Grille, which used to be called Anthony's 88, the Red Whippet, Cape Verdean Club and Esprito-Santo, reopened in July and has gone all out to keep diners safe amid COVID.
 Twelve tables on the inside are 6 feet or more apart. The bar area has partitions in place that seats two patrons only. John-Paul and his brother also built and designed one of the nicest outdoor patios in Taunton, with 14 tables set at six-feet apart or more.
 The newly renovated building, which has seven staff members, also has a lot of custom work on the interior. There are two sets of bathrooms inside and 10 televisions, including two outdoors.
 In the middle of the dining area, there is a sliding divider that allows for the creation of a function room.
 John-Paul said they host political functions, weddings, bereavement functions, birthdays, engagements and graduation commencement events
 The main sign on the front of the building was originally on the old Benjamin's on Bay Street. John-Paul had it restored and replaced it with his restaurant's name.
 He re-skinned the walls, the ceilings, redid the bar and changed the floors, which used to be vinyl and rugs. All the floors are now brand new.
 "Now I just need people to sit in the seats and enjoy the place," John-Paul said.
 Maureen Higgins, a neighbor, has been a steady customer to Bar 88 & Grille since it opened. She often helps out when needed and said the restaurant is loved by everyone who comes in.
 "I've seen it grow so much," she said "Now they just need that boost. As a neighbor, you want to support it in the worst of COVID-19. I used to be a restaurant business. I try and see the needs of the business since I was into it. [I] just try to be eyes and ears."
 Bar 88 is currently working to promote and build a website for the restaurant as well as making sure online platforms Grubhub and Doordash are tied to the eatery.
 John-Paul said he appreciates loyal customers like Higgins.
 "We have a lot of great people like Maureen and her husband that ordered food weekly along with a handful of customers," he said. "But it wasn't enough to sustain anything. Maureen has been an awesome neighbor and a good customer."
 Another feature of the restaurant is that there are one or two pieces of acoustic entertainment on Saturdays from 5 p.m.-8 p.m.
 John-Paul said he would like to expand their demographics inside.
 Although it is an adjustment sitting inside, Bar 88 has a beautiful layout to keep their customer's safe.
 John-Paul advised, "I take every precaution necessary. I don't skip out on the guidelines. I like what we have. It's comfortable and cozy. Bar 88 & Grille is where family and friends gather."
 Bar 88 & Grille will also be adding a new fall menu and will soon offer takeout and delivery.
 Due to the new COVID-19 restrictions in place, the restaurant will open Tuesday through Sunday from 3 p.m to 9 p.m. They are closed on Mondays.
 Reach Steve Sanchez at ssanchez@tauntongazette.com


--DocBreak--
Trapped inside a broken down Toyota Landcruiser ute, the two men watched as wave after wave of flames rolled and crashed over the top of them. The extreme heat had melted the engine compartment, starving the vehicle of oxygen.


--DocBreak--
Roman Rodriguez, lider de Nueva Canarias que gobierna junto al presidente socialista Ángel Victor Torres, ha expresado su descontento a traves de su cuenta de Twitter, donde afirma que, aunque "no tenia muchas expectativas despues de la frustrada visita de febrero", si que, "al menos, ahora esperaba mas recursos y una politica definida y planificada".


--DocBreak--
Puig lamented that many of his Dominican fellow citizens assume that a wall along the border would solve any problems. Far better would be to consider the entire island as an ecological unity within which social and eco-friendly solutions are pursued in unison.


--DocBreak--
FIRST LOOK: New Maccas store in the works for Mackay
 Business


--DocBreak--
"Absolutely," Biden responded. "But it's not just in law enforcement, it's across the board. It's in housing, it's in education, and it's in everything we do. It's real. It's genuine. It's serious. And it is — it is able to be dealt with. Look, not all law enforcement officers are racist; my lord, there are some really good, good cops out there. But the way in which it works right now is we've seen too many examples of it."

