Wall Street was heartened by some of those numbers, sending the share price 3% higher in after-hours trading.
 Disney also said it lost $1.1 billion at its theme parks during the fourth quarter. Although that number is dismal, it is a reduction in losses from the previous quarter of $2 billion, as the company reopened parks in Florida over the summer.
 But some analysts noted that the quarterly revenue figure was still down 23% compared to 2019. And once all expenses and taxes are included, the company lost about $700 million in the quarter after running in the black many previous summers.
 One curiosity Thursday arose with the studio division, for which Disney reported a $1.6 billion revenue figure - a 52% drop - despite the fact that its two notable releases, "The New Mutants" and "Mulan," barely grossed $100 million worldwide. Much of the money ironically either came either from outside licensing deals - the very deals Disney Plus aims to get rid of - or from Disney Plus paying the studio division for rights.
 In response to the challenges, Disney has sought to tighten its belt. It laid off 300 workers from ESPN earlier this week and also has drastically pared down the number of employees at theme parks. It also has sought to centralize more of its delivery to digital last month rearranging various distribution departments of the company toward that aim, particularly on Disney Plus.
 That service has been home to a number of social media hits, including "The Mandalorian," whose new season debuted last month. The company is aiming to release at least one piece of major content each quarter, with the Pixar original "Soul" coming in December. On Thursday, Disney announced that "WandaVision," the service's first Marvel series, will be released on the platform in January.


--DocBreak--
DOJ Probe Into Epstein Prosecutors Ends With Mere Slap on the Wrist


--DocBreak--
First introduced in March of this year, the Montblanc Summit 2+ and its LTE modem have found a carrier partner. Verizon is now selling the high-end smartwatch to the tune of $1,170. For those who missed this watch's debut, the big things to know are that it can connect to LTE networks, has a bigger battery than the original Summit 2 (440mAh), and a slightly bigger case (43.5mm vs. 42mm). That's really it. Inside, you still have the Snapdragon Wear 3100 (not the new 4100), 1GB RAM, 8GB storage, 1.28-inch round AMOLED display, heartrate monitor, GPS, NFC, and that lovely case design. The specs are right, minus the most important part - that chipset. I was a huge fan of the original Summit 2 (review), and this should still be a solid watch. It is unfortunate that Montblanc launched this without the Snapdragon Wear 4100, though. The new chip greatly improves performance and battery life over this far-past-its-prime 3100. Verizon is selling the Summit 2+ with gold, bronze steel, black steel, and steel cases. If you aren't into the full asking price, you can pay for it in installments $48.75/mo for 24 months. Shop Montblanc Summit 2+ at Verizon


--DocBreak--
"But there's still a long way to go between that and getting vaccines approved (by regulators), and then into people who need them at the scale and with the kind of equitable global distribution we really need to bring the virus under control."


--DocBreak--
Ring recalls video doorbells after several catch fire


--DocBreak--
She was seen out and about in a laid-back ensemble


--DocBreak--
Queen and rest of Royal Family WON'T be able to jump the queue for Covid vaccine and even UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson will have to wait his turn


--DocBreak--
Behind the scenes! A look at how Bachelorette Tayshia Adams' gorgeous debut gowns were made - including THAT 'gossip' dress


--DocBreak--
This Morning's Dr Ranj Singh says he's  'sick and tired' of justifying the government's handling of the Covid-19 pandmic as the death toll passes 50,000 - and viewers agree leaders have done an 'appalling job'


--DocBreak--
It's just been discussed tonight, but behind closed doors.


--DocBreak--
The demand for solar ponds is rising on the back of the inflating awareness about renewable energy resources and amplified adoption of solar as a practicable form of energy. The solar pond technology is able to effectively substitute fossil fuels for heat generation in a number of industries such as dairy and food canning.


--DocBreak--
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!


--DocBreak--
Noting the "positive response" for bookings since the announcement, Cathay Pacific told The Straits Times that seats for the flight from Hong Kong to Singapore departing on Nov 22 sold out within 24 hours after they were made available.


--DocBreak--
ALBANY — Cashless tolling on the Thruway is here, and more than a month ahead of schedule.
 Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced Thursday afternoon the transition from toll booths to cashless tolling will go live overnight between Friday and Saturday.
 The change will go into effect simultaneously at all 58 tolling locations along the 450 miles of the Thruway.
 Under the $355 million project, steel electronic gantries with cameras were installed at all toll plazas and over the Thruway.
 Drivers will pass beneath the electronic gantries, where their E-ZPass tags will be scanned. Drivers without E-ZPass will have their license plates photographed, and the vehicle’s registered owner will receive a bill in the mail.
 The switch to cashless tolling is expected to ease traffic congestion at toll plazas and reduce vehicle idling as drivers wait in line at the toll booths, according to the governor’s office.
 “The completion of this exciting new project will help Thruway travelers save time, as well as reduce traffic, cut greenhouse gas emissions and improve air quality all along the system,” Cuomo said in a statement Thursday. “Getting this cashless tolling system done and getting it done early shows that — even in these trying times — New York will never stop innovating and never stop building for its future.”
 Toll booths will be removed at a later, unspecified date.
 The change does not affect the Rip Van Winkle Bridge or the other four bridges operated by the state Bridge Authority, spokesman Christopher Steber said Thursday.
 “We still have full-service lanes,” Steber said. “We do encourage everyone to make the switch to E-ZPass, especially with cashless tolling on the Thruway. There are also the savings drivers get with E-ZPass and the various plans we offer to save money when people are paying their tolls.”
 The Bridge Authority plans to transition to cashless tolling at an undetermined future date.
 Cashless tolling has become more commonplace, Steber said.
 “That is the general trend in the toll industry, so we are looking at it for the future, but there is no date set to make the change,” Steber said of the Bridge Authority.
 With the switch to cashless tolling on the Thruway, cash payments will no longer be accepted at toll booths and printed toll tickets will not be handed out, according to the governor’s office.
 To aid in the transition, E-ZPass has released a new mobile app, TollsNY, aimed at helping drivers manage their E-ZPass accounts.
 “Cashless tolling is already improving traffic flow, allowing motorists to get to their destinations easier and quicker without having to stop to pay a toll,” Lt. Gov. Kathy Hochul said in a statement. “Less idling also complements our clean energy goals, reducing pollution for a cleaner and greener environment.
 The tolling structure will not change and drivers will continue to pay tolls based on distance and where they enter and leave the Thruway.
 “The conversion to cashless tolling is one of the largest projects in the Thruway’s 66-year history,” Thruway Authority Executive Director Matthew J. Driscoll said. “This unprecedented achievement is a significant milestone that will modernize the Thruway system for millions of drivers and ushers in a new era for toll collection that will benefit generations to come.”
 Tolls have been collected on the Thruway since June 1954, with more than 12,000 toll collectors working over the past 66 years.
 E-ZPass units are sold at 900 retail locations across the state, including participating grocery and convenience stores, or can be ordered online at E-ZPassNY.com or by calling 800-333-TOLL (8655). E-ZPass is also sold at state Department of Motor Vehicles and other government offices.
 E-ZPass is used on tolled roads, tunnels and bridges in 17 states, as far north as Maine, extending south to Florida and west to Illinois, according to the company’s website. E-ZPass tags purchased in New York will work in all states that use the system.
 In the Northeast, the only states that do not utilize E-ZPass are Vermont and Connecticut.


--DocBreak--
Standing out! Nicky Hilton has her NAME on the back of her jacket as she flashes a peace sign in NYC


--DocBreak--
Biden, for his part, largely framed the election as a referendum on Trump’s handling of the pandemic. He has made addressing the virus his top priority as he moves forward with his transition. He spoke by phone Thursday with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer about the intensifying pandemic and prospects for passage of a COVID-19 relief bill in the lame duck session of Congress.


--DocBreak--
First introduced in March of this year, the Montblanc Summit 2+ and its LTE modem have found a carrier partner. Verizon is now selling the high-end smartwatch to the tune of $1,170. For those who missed this watch's debut, the big things to know...


--DocBreak--
The subsequent film takes a similar approach to its 2006 predecessor, including the mock-documentary style, genuine and unlikely interactions and unmatched social satire. Just one small difference—Borat is widely recognized, so much so that he is chased in the streets by Americans calling his name and demanding photos. In light of this, Sagdiyev must wear disguises in order to avoid any unnecessary attention that would compromise his mission.


--DocBreak--
For an unprecedented third consecutive season, the Poteau Pirates laid claim to a District 4A-4 championship.
   
 The Pirates led from start to finish and the defense once again did their job as they won, 21-7, at Broken Bow last week in a game which decided the district title.
   
 Poteau (8-2, 7-0), which also won its eighth straight game, had 207 yards rushing in the win. Todd Mattox had 106 of those yards on 21 carries with a touchdown.
   
 The Pirates also got rushing TDs from Jase Mankin and Dean Odom.
   
 Poteau completed only one pass, but it was an important one, an 11-yarder from Colton Williamson to Dax Collins on a fourth-down play which set up the Pirates' opening TD.
   
 The Pirate defense then did the rest. They held Broken Bow to just 35 offensive plays and eight first downs while recording eight quarterback pressures.
   
 Poteau also forced four turnovers. Williamson and Caden Warren picked off passes, while Odom and Kix Fenton recovered fumbles. Odom registered 10 tackles as well.
   
 The Pirates are now taking a well-deserved week off before focusing their attention toward repeating as 4A champions.
   
 Poteau will draw a bye in the opening round and will return to action on Nov. 20 at home against the winner of Friday's first-round playoff between Fort Gibson and Skiatook.
   
 The Pirates, on paper, also have a very navigable path back to the 4A title game. Five of the top seven teams in the final Associated Press 4A poll are on the other side of the bracket, including No. 1 Wagoner and No. 2 Weatherford.
   
 On the side of the bracket with No. 3 ranked Poteau is No. 5 Blanchard. Hilldale and Newcastle, ranked sixth and seventh, respectively, are on the opposite side.
   
 Sallisaw
   
 The Black Diamonds got a much-needed win before beginning postseason play.
   
 Sallisaw rolled past Stilwell, 48-6, last Friday at Perry F. Lattimore Stadium. The Diamonds (4-4, 4-3 4A-4) rolled up 531 yards of offense, 311 of those coming in the opening half.
   
 Quarterback Jaxon McTyre threw four TD passes, three of those to tight end Ty McHenry, including an 8-yard strike in the first quarter to put Sallisaw in front to stay. Their last TD hookup went for 25 yards late in the third quarter, extending Sallisaw's lead to 42-6.
   
 McTyre also tossed a 9-yard TD pass to Brock Streun late in the first half, giving the Diamonds a 23-0 advantage.
   
 Sallisaw's defense also held Stilwell to 222 yards of offense, including 70 yards rushing. Rylee Scavo recovered a fumble to set up the Diamonds' first TD and also recovered an onside kick which set up another TD.
   
 The Diamonds, the No. 4 seed from 4A-4, open up the 4A playoffs at home against Oologah, with kickoff set for 7 p.m. Friday.
   
 Muldrow
   
 The Bulldogs got their first win in their regular season finale, blasting Tulsa McLain, 41-6, at Marty Rogers Field last Friday.
   
 Kaden Chandler scored the team's first two TDs, one on a 5-yard reception from quarterback Reid Sutton and the other on a 34-yard run. Chandler finished the game with 87 yards rushing.
   
 Muldrow then extended its lead to 20-0 in the second quarter on a 64-yard TD pass from Sutton to Trenden Collins.
   
 In the second half, Sean Irvan added a pair of TD runs, and Hayden Livermore recovered a fumble in the end zone.
   
 Muldrow (1-7) will be the No. 6 seed from 4A-4 and will travel to face Grove, the No. 3 seed from 4A-3, this Friday in the first round of the 4A playoffs.
   
 Spiro
   
 Following two straight weeks of canceled games, the Bulldogs will return to the field in postseason action.
   
 Spiro will be at home to face Valliant in the opening round of the 2A playoffs at 7 p.m. Friday. The Bulldogs finished the regular season 6-1 but haven't played since Oct. 23, a road win at Keys.
   
 Since then, games against Vian and Pocola were canceled due to issues related to COVID-19.
   
 The Valliant-Spiro winner will advance to the second round and play the winner of the first-round playoff between Heavener and Idabel, which has been moved to Saturday night.
   
 Roland
   
 The Rangers will be making their first postseason appearance since 2015 when they start the 2A playoffs on Friday.
   
 Roland will be at home to take on Antlers in a first-round game set to kick off at 7 p.m.
   
 The Rangers (5-3) had their final two regular-season games canceled due to COVID-19. Roland is the No. 4 seed from 2A-5 while Antlers is the No. 5 seed from 2A-6.
   
 That winner will move on to face the top seed from 2A-6, Eufaula, in a second- round playoff next week.
   
 Arkoma
   
 The Mustangs only got to play two District B-6 games as several games got canceled.
   
 But they were still able to secure a first-round home playoff as the Class B postseason gets under way. Arkoma (5-2) will take on Porum on Friday night.
   
 It will be a rematch of a game played earlier this season, with the Mustangs rolling to a 47-0 win on Sept. 25.


--DocBreak--
"Despite Michelle's success and popularity, I continued to sense an undercurrent of tension in her, subtle but constant, like the faint thrum of a hidden machine," an excerpt posted by CNN on Thursday reads. "It was as if, confined as we were within the walls of the White House, all her previous sources of frustration became more concentrated, more vivid, whether it was my round the clock absorption with work, or the way politics exposed our family to scrutiny and attacks, or the tendency of even friends and family members to treat her role as secondary in importance."


--DocBreak--
On Wednesday morning, Northside standout senior point guard Jersey Wolfenbarger made it official and signed with the University of Arkansas.
   
 But instead of an elaborate ceremony, Wolfenbarger chose a more low-key approach instead.
   
 She signed the official letter of intent on the desk of Lady Bears coach Rickey Smith, with coaches, Northside administrators and family members present.
   
 "I've always been a low-key person; like I'm not one really for show and stuff like that," Wolfenbarger said. "Yes, it's always nice to have your peer support and have the school support, but most importantly, I just wanted my family to be here, so I think it was the only thing that really mattered to me at the end."
   
 Plus, with Smith's office located down a flight of stairs from the Lady Bears' practice gym, Wolfenbarger felt it was a perfect venue to have her signing ceremony.
   
 "My journey started in the gym, so I thought it would be best; it's not ending my high school career, but continuing my career in the gym," she said.
   
 Wolfenbarger, a starter at point guard since she was a freshman, verbally committed to Arkansas in late April over a host of other elite programs seeking her services.
   
 Among the schools interested in Wolfenbarger included Baylor, Connecticut, Notre Dame, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. But Wolfenbarger - ranked as one of the top 20 senior recruits by ESPN - preferred the Razorbacks.
   
 "It's always been an honor to be able to be recruited, but Arkansas really felt like home just because I strive to be a better version of me every day, and I feel like I can continue to do that at Arkansas," she said. "I feel like that's their whole goal is to make you better on and off the court."
   
 After Wolfenbarger committed to the Razorbacks, she remained firm in that decision throughout the rest of spring and into the summer and fall.
   
 "Once I verbally committed to Arkansas, there was no changing my mind," she said. "My heart and my mind were in it and I just knew 100 percent that's where I was going."
   
 Wolfenbarger is equally excited to join a Razorback program on the upward swing under coach Mike Neighbors.
   
 "They just said they were on the rise," Wolfenbarger said. "Coach Neighbors and his staff and the team are trying to build something that draws players in, and it obviously drew me in, but I wanted to be a part of that and I want to help continue that."
   
 Plus, Wolfenbarger is eager to be coached by Neighbors, the Greenwood native who is entering his fourth season as the Razorbacks' coach.
   
 "I love his energy and his enthusiasm, like his passion for the game," Wolfenbarger said. "He loves to learn and I feel like every time I see him or talk to him, I get better as an individual; he has so much knowledge and I can't wait to continue to learn from him."
   
 Last season as a junior, the 6-foot-5 Wolfenbarger averaged 18.8 points, 6.1 rebounds and 3.9 assists per game as a junior. She was also selected as the Arkansas Gatorade Player of the Year.
   
 For her Lady Bear career, Wolfenbarger has averaged 15 points a game and has scored a total of 1,331 points. In her sophomore season, she hit the game- winning basket to give Northside a dramatic come-from-behind win against Bentonville in the 6A state title game.
   
 Wolfenbarger is the first of two Northside seniors to sign with a Division I school this week.
   
 On Friday, 6-2 forward Tracey Bershers - who like Wolfenbarger will be a four- year starter for the Lady Bears - is expected to officially sign with Oklahoma State University.


--DocBreak--
Even though the heavy rain ended early this morning, the clouds will hang tough across the region today for the rest of the day. Drizzle is possible at times with a slight chance of a shower in the mountains. There may be a few peeks of sun by the end of the day, but otherwise it will be mostly cloudy and cooler with a north wind between 5 and 10 mph. The high around 67 degrees.


--DocBreak--
New York: Corey Adam, a political comedian from Minneapolis, joined a mass social media switcheroo last week. That was when Adam, 39, a conservative and libertarian, watched Twitter and Facebook add labels to social media posts from President Donald Trump and other Republicans who falsely claimed he had won the election. Many of the labels said the assertions were disputed. And on Twitter, some of Trump’s tweets were hidden completely.      To Adam, the social media companies appeared to be singling out conservative voices. So he decided to shift to Parler, a social networking app that he has used on and off for a year, and to largely ignore those two big platforms, he said.      “Facebook started muting, deleting and labeling every conservative political post in my feed,” Adam said. “If you’re going to do something, you have to be fair to both sides. You don’t just get to pick one side to promote.”     
 Then there is Mark Levin, a farright radio host with millions of listeners, who vented on his show last week that the tech and media companies were not representing the conservative point of view. Maria Bartiromo, a Fox News anchor, also expressed frustration with Twitter and said it was blocking conservatives’ statements.      But Levin, Bartiromo and others did not stop there. They directed their followers to other social media apps and news sites that have positioned themselves as alternatives to Facebook and Twitter. The beneficiaries are Parler, a Twitter-like app that describes itself as the world’s “premier free speech social network”; the rightwing media app Newsmax; and other social sites like MeWe and Rumble, which have purposely welcomed conservatives.      Over the weekend, Parler shot to the top of Apple’s App Store in downloads. As of Monday, it had 8 million members, nearly double the 4.5 million it had last week. Rumble said it projected 75 million to 90 million people will watch a video on its site this month, up from 60.5 million last month. And Newsmax said that more than 3 million people watched its election night coverage and that its app has recently been in the top 10 daily apps downloaded from Apple’s App Store.     
 Facebook and Twitter declined to comment.      Parler is owned in part by conservative media personality Dan Bongino. Founded in 2018 by two Nevada-based software engineers, John Matze and Jared Thomson, Parler — which is named after the French word meaning “to speak” — has said it is a free speech platform with much looser guidelines around what people can post to the site. On Parler, users can see posts about MAGA fodder and QAnon, the pro-Trump conspiracy theory that asserts that some top Democrats are satanic pedophiles. Anti-Semitic theories abound. Donald Trump Jr.; Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas; and Rudy Giuliani, Trump’s personal lawyer, all have Parler accounts.     
   
 Follow and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin
 Internet
 facebook
 Twitter
 Fake news
 social media posts
 Donald Trump
 corey adam
 Apple Inc.


--DocBreak--
The city of Weirton could create it's very own space for out-of-towners to go, but a lot of it is still up in the air.


--DocBreak--
Family Ties cast talks about going back to a time of 'kinder, gentler politics' during Stars In The House reunion


--DocBreak--
Lawrence Gostin, a public health expert at Georgetown University’s law school, said Biden will only be able to “scratch the surface” of tackling a pandemic that could be a “raging forest fire” by the time he takes office on Jan. 20.


--DocBreak--
Northside's Jersey Wolfenbarger shoots a 3-pointer over several Mount St. Mary's defenders during a game on Feb. 14. [Brian D. Sanderford/Times Record]


--DocBreak--
The action began with Indianapolis moving into a tie with Tennessee atop the AFC South with a 34-17 victory Thursday night featuring a blocked punt for a touchdown. The Colts outscored the Titans 21-0 in the second half. Both teams are 6-3, with Indy currently holding the division tiebreaker thanks to the win.


--DocBreak--
One of the key advantages that modern marine gensets can provide is being highly compact. While larger capacity gensets can take up significant amount of deck space, the smaller ones do not need a lot of space. The appropriate marine genset can be purchased by calculating the total power requirement of all equipment on board and then selecting a genset that provides an output roughly 20 percent higher than that. Marine gensets can also be water cooled in order to enhance their peak performance efficiency which also drive the marine gensets market growth.


--DocBreak--
It\u2019s not often that you get to merge personal passions into a professional life, but that\u2019s what Kellen did when he launched Droid Life in 2009. After working years of unsatisfying jobs in the medical and property management fields, he took a risk to try and create an online community while playing with the coolest gadgets on the planet each day, a risk that has turned out to be incredibly rewarding. Outside of Droid Life, Kellen is your typical Portlander who drinks way too much good beer, complains often about the Trail Blazers, and can be found out on the streets for a run, rain or shine.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 As low as $3 for 3 months. Save 90%.
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 As low as $3 for 3 months. Save 90%.
 News Sports Counties Business Music Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 ROBERTSON
 # How Robertson County is protecting residents, schools from COVID-19 as case counts continue to climb
 Nicole Young
 Nashville Tennessean
 View Comments
 Robertson County officials are taking new strides in the ongoing fight against the coronavirus pandemic.
 Earlier this week, Robertson County Schools Director Chris Causey announced the district would be extending Thanksgiving break for students and staff so cleaning crews could, “sanitize, disinfect, and deep clean every classroom, hallway, cafeteria, library, gym, etc. in all of our 21 school buildings.”
 Students were originally scheduled to be on break from Nov. 25-30. Now, they’ll be on break for a full week, starting Nov. 23.
 The news came after a flurry of activity last week.
 First, Robertson County Mayor Billy Vogle reinstated a countywide mask mandate that had originally expired on Sept. 30. In the new proclamation, Robertson County residents will be required to wear face coverings until at least Nov. 30.
 It took effect on Saturday.
 One day earlier, in a call to parents, Causey said temperature checks would no longer be conducted at any Robertson County school building.
 “Over the past few months, your school system has put in place many safety precautions that have helped keep many of our students from contracting the COVID-19 virus and other illnesses from inside our schools,” the director said, noting temperature checks, masks, frequent hand-sanitizing and social distancing precautions, among other measures.
 “During this time, we have studied the data, talked to health officials, and learned a few things about the indications and symptoms of this virus. Guidelines from the CDC do not include temperature checks at schools for students, and as the weather has turned much cooler, our temperature checks have not proven to help much in keeping positive students from attending school.”
 Parents were urged to take their children’s temperatures before coming to school and keep them home if temperatures were 100 or greater, Causey said.
 Mask mandates are also still in place for students, teachers and staff.
 The new initiatives and announcements come as COVID-19 case counts continue to rise across Tennessee and the nation.
 In Robertson County, there have been 3,004 confirmed and suspected cases of the coronavirus, 44 deaths and 2,697 recoveries, according to the Tennessee Department of Health on Thursday, the most recent data available.
 The agency noted Thursday that there were 263 active cases in Robertson County.
 In Tennessee, there have been 296,725 and 3,788 deaths, the data shows.
 In response to the growing numbers, several school districts in Middle Tennessee are taking extra precautions to protect students and staff.
 Dickson County Schools announced earlier this week that both of its high schools would be all-virtual this week due to an increase in contact tracing. Cheatham County Schools has closed Sycamore Middle and High Schools through the end of November to mitigate the spread of the virus.
 Cleaning and disinfecting school buildings is a top priority, officials all say.
 In Robertson County, the decision to extend Thanksgiving break had to be approved by the school board, who gave the measure a green light Monday.
 The district is using two of its stockpile days during the closure.
 Communication with administrators and teachers will still be available using email and other electronic means, Causey said.
 “This school closure is also for the district virtual-option students but does not affect online dual-enrollment classes through Vol State, Austin Peay or UT Martin,” the director said. “We also ask that all our families stay safe during this time, remembering not to be involved in large group gatherings, continuing to wear masks and stay socially distanced from others.”
 Those enrolled in after-care programs are asked to reach out to individual schools for additional information about the planned closure and its impact.
  _Reach Community News Editor Nicole Young at 615-306-3570 or nyoung@tennessean.com._
 View Comments
 Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter E-Edition Storytellers Archives RSS Feeds
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Education Moonlighting Reviewed 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.tennessean.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
TAURUS (April 20-May 20) — Leave nothing to chance. Don’t jeopardize your health or compromise your reputation or position. Shoot for the stars; recognition for your accomplishments will be forthcoming.
 GEMINI (May 21-June 20) — Keep moving forward. Don’t let anyone interfere with your plans or meddle in your affairs. Incorporate a rigorous health routine into your schedule.
 CANCER (June 21-July 22) — Pursue your plans. Don’t take risks when it comes to your health or physical well-being. Make a move based on intellect, not on emotion. Be ready to answer when opportunity knocks.


--DocBreak--
OCS outgained St. Frederick 365 to 113 in total offense, as St. Frederick utilized four different quarterbacks to try and muster yardage.
 The style of play actually favored the Warriors in the early going, as both squads exchanged punts on their first two possessions. St. Frederick linebacker Beau Bennett made the first two tackles of the game, and the Warriors rotated in three different quarterbacks in the early going and found some success.
 After going 3-and-out on its first possession, St. Frederick found some rhythm with Bennett on the ground and Garrett Taylor’s arm. Taylor connected with Chris Bell on a third-and-long conversion to cross the 50, but a promising Warriors drive ended with a Wiley interception. Wiley picked off Taylor’s pass at the Eagles 33-yard line.
 After struggling to pick up a first down with its run game on the opening series, OCS opened up its offense more on its second drive of the game. Herring, who has proven he can beat you with his legs or his arm, found targets Wiley and Graves for large gains through the air.
 “Being able to spread the field out and create some mismatches with our receivers, there’s not just one you can concentrate on,” Fitzhugh said. “Passing game is something we work on every single day. You’re going to line up some teams that can stop the run, so you have to be able to throw the ball. No doubt our passing game helped open things up for us tonight.”
 A pass interference call against St. Frederick on second down, followed by a personal foul penalty on the Warriors’ coaching staff, allotted the Eagles 30 penalty yards on their second possession of the game. The Eagles made the most of it in the second quarter when Herring pushed his way into the end zone three plays later on a 4-yard quarterback keeper to break the scoreless tie.
 Herring scored the only other touchdown of the half when he connected with Thomas Culp on a 30-yard touchdown.
 OCS attempted multiple onside kicks in the half, and despite not being able to recover them, prevented the Warriors from scoring with a short field.
 The Warriors were limited to just 54 yards of total offense in the first half.
 Meanwhile, Herring was 9-of-13 for 132 yards in the first half alone. He was a difference-maker in the ball game for OCS.
 “They have athletic skill guys that can make plays outside,” St. Frederick head coach Andy Robinson said. “We thought we could contain (Herring) a little bit and generate a turnover or two, but he made big plays through the air tonight. That’s what makes him a really good football player. On offense, they put up some points, but our defense was scrappy.”
 Before Herring tossed the touchdown to Culp with less than two minutes to play in the half, St. Frederick had the ball deep inside its own territory with less than three minutes remaining. OCS stopped three consecutive run attempts and called timeout after each stop to get the ball back with 2:04 left in the half.
 Van David Matherne also had a punt block in the first half for the Eagles, as explosive plays highlighted OCS’ successful first half.


--DocBreak--
NEW DELHI: The government has issued a notice to Twitter for showing Leh as part of Jammu and Kashmir instead of the Union Territory of Ladakh, according to IT ministry sources.      The ministry, in its notice, has directed Twitter to explain within five working days why legal action should not be initiated against the micro- blogging platform and its representatives for disrespecting the territorial integrity of India by showing an incorrect map.      The notice was issued to Twitter by the Ministry of Electronics and IT on November 9, the sources said.     
 In the notice sent to the global vice president of Twitter, the ministry asserted that showing Leh as part of Jammu and Kashmir is a deliberate attempt by the micro-blogging platform to undermine the will of sovereign Parliament of India which has declared Ladakh as a Union Territory with its headquarter in Leh.      Responding to the issue, a Twitter spokesperson said, "We have duly responded to the letter and, as part of our correspondence, shared a comprehensive update with the latest developments regarding the geo-tag issue."      The spokesperson further said Twitter remains committed to partnering with the government and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology to serve the public conversation.      Twitter had earlier shown Leh as part of China, following which the IT secretary had written a stern letter to the company's CEO Jack Dorsey.      In response, Twitter had replaced China with Jammu and Kashmir. However, Twitter has not yet corrected the map to show Leh as part of the Union Territory of Ladakh. It is still showing Leh as part of Jammu and Kashmir, which is against the official position of the Government of India.      Last month, Twitter came under heavy criticism and faced backlash from social media users after its geotagging feature displayed "Jammu & Kashmir, People's Republic of China" in a live broadcast from Leh's Hall of Fame, a war memorial for fallen soldiers in Ladakh.     
 This had triggered angry responses from netizens who demanded that stringent action be initiated against the micro-blogging platform.      Meanwhile, an industry watcher said that in case Twitter does not fall in line even after the latest notice, possible options could include action initiated under Section 69A of the IT Act for banning access to Twitter in India.      Also, under the Criminal Law (Amendment) Act, the government can lodge an FIR, which has punishment of up to 6 months of imprisonment.  
   
 Follow and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Linkedin
 MVAS/Apps
 Twitter
 ladakh
 Jammu and kashmir
 Union Territory of Ladakh
 Union Ministry
 Leh Ladakh
 information privacy
 government of india


--DocBreak--
Thursday Afternoon Weather At Your Fingertips


--DocBreak--
Megan Thee Stallion poses naked as she announces the release of her first official album Good News


--DocBreak--
Progressives intentionally timed some crucial ballot initiatives for 2020, but a tide of “no” votes left them high and dry.


--DocBreak--
"We are extremely disappointed that the state of California continues to keep our theme parks closed despite our proven track record," he said, as he referred to reopenings in Florida and Asia. "We believe state leadership should look objectively at what we've achieved. . .as opposed to setting an arbitrary standard."
 In light of the shaky numbers, the company announced Thursday it had decided to forgo its semiannual dividend for the second half of 2020, following a similar action last spring.
 Disney has faced pressure from activist shareholder Dan Loeb as well as Disney heiress and company critic Abigail Disney to stop the dividend. Loeb has said money should be spent on content; Disney has charged that a dividend was unfair while so many employees have been suffering or laid off.


--DocBreak--
Reba McEntire gets ready for the CMA Awards... after revealing she turned down a spot on The Voice (which later went to Blake Shelton)


--DocBreak--
Academic Senate allows instructors to make finals optional in light of pandemic, protests


--DocBreak--
Their success extended beyond the Slovenian superstar, too. Fernando Gaviria managed six victories despite the misfortune of contracting Covid not once but twice, Diego Ulissi picked up a couple of stages at the Giro d’Italia, and Jasper Philipsen established himself as a new force in sprinting. They all contributed to a total of over thirty wins that was, even in a shortened season, the highest in the team’s history, and bettered only by Deceuninck - Quick-Step.


--DocBreak--
Migrants deported from the U.S. cross the Paso del Norte International Border bridge toward Mexico, in Ciudad Juarez   __   2/2 __
 By Laura Gottesdiener and Sarah Kinosian
 MONTERREY, Mexico () - These days, Martin Salgado’s migrant shelter in the city of San Luis Rio Colorado on Mexico’s border with the United States feels more like an hourly hotel. His guests, many of them from Central America, often don't even bother to spend the night.
 Salgado said he has never seen people cycle through as repeatedly as he has in recent months, after the United States began expelling almost all migrants caught on the Mexican border rather than returning them to their homelands. Now, human smugglers often attempt to get migrants back across the border the very same day they are deported, he said.
 Previously, Central American migrants apprehended at the border would be processed in the U.S. immigration system and would often be held for weeks, if not months, before being deported back to their home country.
 "We never saw this before," said Salgado, who runs the shelter near Arizona's western limits founded by his mother in the 1990s. Some Central Americans who arrive at the shelter after being deported “eat, bathe, and suddenly they disappear."
 U.S. President Donald Trump’s administration in March announced that it would begin to quickly expel nearly all migrants caught at the border under the authority of an existing federal public health act, known as Title 42, saying the move was necessary to prevent coronavirus spreading into the United States.
 But the order appears to be having unintended effects.
 It’s led to an increase in repeated border crossing attempts, data from U.S. Customs and Border Protection shows. And it’s benefiting the illegal networks that move people from Central America to the United States, according to interviews with more than a dozen migration experts, shelter directors, immigrant advocates and human smugglers.
 That is because U.S. authorities are depositing the migrants on the border, rather than returning them home, which allows smugglers to eliminate some of the costs of repeat border crossings, said three smugglers working with transnational networks. The price migrants pay smugglers, which can be $7,000, or double that, often includes two or three attempted border crossings to offset the risks of being intercepted by Mexican or U.S. authorities, according to the three smugglers, as well as migration experts.
 Not all migrants travel with smugglers, but even those braving the dangerous journey alone or in small groups often turn to coyotes at the border for the final stretch of the journey. Since they too are now being returned at the Mexican border when caught they now often pay for a second or third try, in another boon for the smuggling networks, said migrant experts and a guide tied to a smuggling network in the Sonora region.
 U.S. border officials say the program, which has resulted in migrants being returned in an average of less than two hours, is crucial for protecting U.S. agents, health care workers and the general public from COVID-19 by avoiding the potential spread of coronavirus if migrants were apprehended, processed, and then sent to U.S. detention centers, as per previous policy.
 "It would take just a small number of individuals with COVID-19 to infect a large number of detainees and CBP personnel and potentially overwhelm local healthcare systems along the border," the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) said in a statement.
 Joe Biden clinched the U.S. presidency following the Nov. 3 election, though Trump has not acknowledged defeat and has launched an array of lawsuits to press claims of election fraud for which he has produced no evidence. The president elect has not laid out specific plans about the Title 42 program. A senior advisor to the Biden campaign in August told that Biden would look to public health officials for guidance on pandemic-related border closures.
 “MAKING MORE MONEY”
 Seeking safe passage on the perilous trek north, migrants often pay thousands of dollars to smugglers - known as ‘coyotes’ - linked to gangs that control territory in Mexico.
 The three men who identified themselves as smugglers from different transnational networks told they save about $1,000 or more each time U.S. Border Patrol expels one of their Central American clients at the Mexican border rather than returning them back by plane to their home countries.
 "It's great for us," said Antonio, a Salvadoran smuggler who is part of a network that he said charges migrants $14,000 a head for three runs at getting from Central America to the United States.
 Antonio, like the others involved in the smuggling trade that interviewed, declined to give his last name.
 He said his network spends at least $800 per migrant paying off drug cartels for the right to transit through their turf, then there are additional costs such as food, shelter, transportation, and occasional bribes to Mexican authorities.
 In the past, when Central American migrants were caught by U.S. Border Patrol and sent home, his network would have to pick up that tab again on migrants' second or third attempts.
 Mexico's immigration agency in August vowed to "eradicate the collusion between public servants and human smugglers” as it ousted hundreds of officials for work-related offenses.
 Pablo, a Guatemalan who ferries migrants across Guatemala's border into Mexico, estimated that the network he works for saves at least $1,300 for every Central American who is returned at the U.S. border rather than sent back to their homeland.
 "We're making more money because we don't have to pay the mafia again in Mexico," he said. "So, there's an advantage."
 REPEATED ATTEMPTS
 Migration numbers are returning to pre-pandemic levels, following steep declines this spring after Central American countries slammed their borders shut in an effort to halt the spread of coronavirus. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency said it conducted nearly 55,000 expulsions and apprehensions of migrants at the southwest border in September. That is more than triple the figure for April and is slightly higher than the 40,507 a year earlier, according to CBP data.
 And, apprehensions and expulsions continued to climb in October, said a U.S. official with knowledge of the numbers.
 Still, migration numbers for the 12-month period ended in September were down from the previous year. The Title 42 order does not change deportation policy for Mexicans, who made up about two thirds of people expelled by the United States during August and September, according to the CBP. Hondurans, Guatemalans, and Salvadorans account for the next three largest groups.
 Meanwhile, the number of repeated attempts has sharply increased, indicating that fewer people are migrating than last year but more of those who are trying to cross the border multiple times.
 Between April and September, the proportion of people caught crossing the border more than once surged to 37%, up from 7% for the 12-month period ended in September 2019, according to the CBP.
 The president of the Border Patrol union in Laredo Texas, border agent Hector Garza, said the Title 42 order was helping limit the exposure of the border workforce to COVID-19 and avoid overwhelming local hospitals in communities in Texas, which are already experiencing a surge of coronavirus cases.
 "But with any benefit there is a downside, and in this case, we're seeing people coming back and forth, trying to cross multiple times within a 24-hour period," he told .
 In the border city of Ciudad Juarez on Oct. 31, across from the Texas city of El Paso, Cuban Alexander Garcia stood by the port of entry to the United States. Garcia, who identified himself as a doctor, said he had just been deported after his sixth attempt at crossing the border without authorization.
 “They’re returning us in less than three hours!” exclaimed García. “We cross, and they just grab us and push us back into Juarez.”
 U.S. Border Patrol Chief Rodney Scott, during a news conference last month, said the pandemic had reduced the ability and willingness of authorities to prosecute because detaining people potentially involved additional risk of spreading COVID-19 in the United States.
 “IT MOTIVATES YOU”
 About 125 miles east of Salgado's shelter, Jesus, a guide linked to a local smuggling network, and his Guatemalan girlfriend, Yolanda, have been biding their time in a chilly trailer serving as a migrant stash house along the Mexican border.
 They said nearby clashes between rival gangs have delayed Yolanda's departure across the Sonoran desert into the United States.
 But Jesus said he's heartened by the new U.S. policy - and so are the town's smugglers that he's worked for over the years.
 "It's better because if people get caught, they come right back," he said. "So it's like, we're still in business."
 Yolanda was also encouraged when, upon reaching the border, she found out that if she was caught, she would only be sent to Mexico, rather than likely being deported back home.
 "It motivates you," she said, explaining that she left Guatemala after she was forced to close her clothing shop when pandemic restrictions crippled the economy.
 She racked up debts, fell behind on her mortgage, and lost her home, she said, joining a small but growing number of Central Americans fleeing the economic crisis triggered by pandemic-related restrictions across the region.
 While Title 42 has encouraged some people to risk the crossing after being turned back, some human rights organizations say it erodes migrants' rights because they are being rapidly returned to Mexico before having an opportunity to explain why they fled their countries or to present a case for why they would qualify for asylum under U.S. law.
 CBP said in a statement the agency "remains committed to our obligations to provide safe haven to those who claim persecution.”


--DocBreak--
(CNN) - “Jeopardy!” host Alex Trebek died on Sunday more than a year after he announced he had been diagnosed with Stage 4 pancreatic cancer.Alex Trebek poses in the press room with the award for outstanding game show host for "Jeopardy!" at the 46th annual Daytime Emmy Awards at the Pasadena Civic Center on Sunday, May 5, 2019, in Pasadena, Calif. Trebek died Sunday after having been diagnosed with Stage 4 pancreatic cancer.In the past four months, the disease has also taken women’s rights icon Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and civil rights legend John Lewis.It’s a disease that’s hard to find early. The pancreas is deep inside the body, so early tumors may not be seen or felt during routine exams.People usually have no symptoms until the cancer has become large or spreads to other organs.“To make a real impact on this disease, we’re going to have to get better therapies,” said Dr. William Cance, surgical oncologist with the American Cancer Society.He said there are a lot of new therapies in trials, but in his 30 years as a surgical oncologist, he hasn’t seen substantial advances when it comes to pancreatic cancer.“There are newer tests coming that could potentially detect pancreatic cancer earlier, but again, the tendency for it to spread in the early stage doesn’t ensure that real early detection will translate into cure,” Cance said.The overall five-year survival rate for all stages combined is just 9 percent, according to the American Cancer Society, but there are factors that put you at higher risk including family history, pancreatitis, diabetes, smoking, obesity and age.While there are some advances in drug therapy allowing for longer survival, “We have a long way to go,” Cance said.While symptoms don’t often appear until the cancer is more advanced, some include jaundice, stomach pains and weight loss.More advanced symptoms could be a sharp pain in the upper center portion of the abdomen or getting full quickly.Copyright 2020 CNN Newsource. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
This brings Marshall County to a total of 623 confirmed cases and 78 probable cases, 261 of which are in isolation at home, 10 hospitalized, 8 associated deaths and 422 whom have been released from isolation.


--DocBreak--
Kylie Jenner's ex Tyga hits back at allegations he trashed a Beverly Hills home and refused to pay rent as he shows off sparkling clean house on Instagram


--DocBreak--
Tonight's season 6 premiere of _Total Bellas_ is shaping up to be an emotional one. As previous sneak peeks have shown, the Bella Twins are trying to finish writing their joint memoir, come to terms with their mother's recent medical diagnosis and prepare to welcome their baby boys, all while living through a global pandemic.


--DocBreak--
I was incensed by the Governor’s approach to opening certain businesses too soon and sticking to it even though Indiana has made it to a red hot spot. What good is the economic increase if no one can enter businesses if they are sick and/or dying? Take off the blinders Governor and be a leader. You won!
 Apparently, our mayor has an infirmity, too. He’s lost his voice. We haven’t heard any encouragement, discouragement, or anything addressing the virus.
 He seems to be very good at ribbon cutting though, so we know he’s mobile.
 — Linda Cooper, Terre Haute


--DocBreak--
Real Housewives Of Orange County: Gina Kirschenheiter goes to AA meeting with Braunwyan Windham-Burke before they bury the hatchet


--DocBreak--
Trump's Plan B: President is planning his own streaming network to overthrow Murdoch's Fox News and will use list of supporter emails to push subscriptions


--DocBreak--
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (WMC) - LeBonheur Children’s Hospital says it’s treated more gunshot victims this year than ever before.As of November 10, the hospital had treated 109 children had been treated for bullet wounds, a record for the hospital.Children aged 14-years-old and younger are treated at Le Bonheur, while those 15-years-old and older are sent to Regional One.That’s where 17-year-old Demetrius Robinson was sent after he was shot this summer.The WMC Action News 5 Investigators spoke with his aunt, who had custody of the teen.“He was making videos everywhere he go. He got a job, he was even making videos in the bathroom,” Rosemary Williams said. “He was so happy. That made me feel so good.”When the Whitehaven Senior wasn’t making people laugh, he was playing defensive end for the high school football team or working at a nearby donut shop.Before his shift on Sept. 3, Demetrius wanted to go to the Marathon gas station on Elvis Presley Boulevard.His aunt gave him some money and watched him leave.“His friends picked him up, and they went to the store,” Williams said.It didn’t take long for her cell phone to ring; her nephew had been shot.“When I came up, I could see his shoes in the street so I knew it was him,” she said.“What do you think is causing all this gun violence?” Asked The Investigators.“I just don’t know,” Williams said. “Is they watching someone else? Or is it the gangs? Or is it the Corona? I don’t know.”Violent crime has skyrocketed during the COVID-19 pandemic, according to the Memphis Shelby Crime Commission.Driving the increase is gun violence in both murders and aggravated assaults.Murders are up an alarming 62.7% in Memphis and 55.1% countywide compared to last year.One place the increase in gun violence is most apparent is Le Bonheur Children’s Hospital.“It’s really, really, really horrible,” Dr. Regan Williams, who’s in charge of Pediatric Surgery at the hospital, said. “I think there might be less supervision because the children are out of school and so we’re seeing an increase in accidental firearm injuries.”Accidental shootings happen when firearms are left unattended by parents and then accessed by children.In March, a 9-year- old was accidentally shot and killed by a teenager in a home in Northeast Memphis.A 13-year-old and 26-year-old were arrested and charged.“We’re also seeing an increase in intentional firearms injuries so those are children out and about,” Dr. Williams said.In April, Aison Golden was killed inside his home after bullets came through the front window.Two men have been indicted for the 6-year-old’s murder.“I don’t even think the perpetrators are thinking about the fact that the children are in the middle,” Dr. Williams said.MPD has investigated 29 child homicides so far this year. At least eight remain unsolved.Last month, MPD and the U.S. Marshals Service joined forces to offer a $50,000 reward for information on those murders.Demetrius Robinson’s is one of them.“I want to know who did it. I can’t rest,” his aunt said. “It bothers me very much. Sometimes I see some of his friends walk down the street, and I just cry because he not there."After Demetrius was shot, he was rushed to Regional One Medical Center, which has also been pushed to the max.“We are the only trauma center for this 150-mile radius region,” Dr. Peter Fischer, a Regional One trauma surgeon, said. “We’re seeing a very significant rise in patients who are shot 3, 4, 5 times. Once in the neck, once in the chest, once in the abdomen. That makes their care tremendously more complex.”After gun violence claimed Demetrius Robinson’s life, Dana Taylor and Madeline Lyles prepared his body for burial at afterlife mortuary services in South Memphis.“It’s disheartening to see our population and our generation is reducing to homicide,” Lyles said.Last summer, the morticians held a summer camp for teens interested in alternative career paths. The women also hoped to teach a few life lessons.“We wanted them to see how final death is and you only get one opportunity at life,” Taylor.said “ Make positive choices in your life because once you make it to the funeral home, that’s it.”Losing a child is traumatic for any parent.Even for the dozens who survive their gunshot wounds, the trauma lives on.“You have a child who’s alive but can’t walk or can’t move their arms or is on a ventilator for the rest of their life,” said Dr. Williams. “We’ve had children who have been shot who refuse to leave their house after they’ve been shot because they’re so fearful of the neighborhood around them and getting injured again.”Le Bonheur will soon provide counseling to child survivors.Anxiety, fear and access to guns are reasons behind the gun violence increase during the pandemic says both Drs. Williams and Fischer.Rosemary Williams agrees.“We gotta find out what the solution is for this problem - all these guns. We gotta find a solution,” she said.Since authorities have offered that $50,000 reward none of the child murders have been solved.Copyright 2020 WMC. All rights reserved.

