It’s been a tough year for nonprofits. Most of their big fundraisers take place in the spring and early fall, but not this year. Group meetings are now virtual. It’s convenient but not much fun. Most of their offices are closed and staffs are working from home, which makes contacting a nonprofit for advice or a referral very challenging.
 Four local nonprofits have decided to join hands to create the Kern Cancer Coalition. Jennifer Henry, the executive director for Links for Life, is one of the founding mothers of the coalition, which she said is a matter of need.
 “We’re in a pandemic so we’re all in this together to help the cancer patients of Kern County,” she said. “It’s about coming together to benefit the cancer patients and getting more accomplished.”
 Links for Life has a long-standing reputation among cancer patients. For women who are uninsured or underinsured, the organization provides mammograms, ultrasounds, needle biopsies and a grocery card program to assist breast cancer patients in active treatment. Also five support groups still meet to support each other.
 “Our support groups are making do but they’re very excited to someday be able to be together and hug each other,” Henry said.
 Michelle Avila, executive director of the Kern County Cancer Foundation, which provides financial assistance for patients' medical bills related to cancer treatment, agrees with Henry.
 “We’ve supported each other’s organizations,” she said. “But because of the pandemic, we’re struggling to raise what we normally do because we weren’t able to have the events that we normally hold so we had to think outside the box. It just made sense to combine our systems of contacts to reach more people.”
 “I suggested we contact Thumbs Up, Cancer Down and the Josh Farler Foundation. Now I get to work with people who are passionate about their organizations and their missions and that’s why we’ve come together,” Avila added.
 For Mike Nipper, president of the Josh Farler Foundation, it started with family. His nephew, Josh, was going to Idaho State on a football scholarship when he experienced groin problems.
 “A doctor diagnosed it as testicular cancer,” said Nipper. “Then there were insurance problems and his tumor burst with the cancer spreading throughout his body.”
 Treatments at USC meant traveling to and from Nevada, usually through Bakersfield where his grandma lived. The family needed money for expenses, and so the Josh Farler family hosted a poker tournament in that grandma’s backyard.
 “We raised around $16,000 to help, but unfortunately Josh passed away in 2005 before we could hold the second event, so we looked around and were able to help a young girl’s family from Josh’s hometown," Nipper said.
 The third year, the group approached Avila, obtaining patient referrals from her.
 “After a few years, we became a full-fledged nonprofit working with CBCC, the AIS Cancer Center and the Rio Bravo Cancer Center," Nipper said. "Our donations provide gas cards, travel vouchers and food cards that are for Kern County cancer patients only.”
 Patients needing travel vouchers can apply on the website joshfarler.org
 The newest member of the team is Thumbs Up, Cancer Down, co-founded by Kevin Charette.
 “Actually we’re neighbors with Links for Life,” said Charette. “While looking for new office space, she and I started talking about how I could help her nonprofit and she could help ours, and her idea was the coalition."
 Thumbs Up provides Power Up Packs to cancer patients in treatment with a blanket, a beanie for patients losing their hair, a phone charger and a diary and pen to keep track of appointments. COVID-19, however, has changed that too.
 “Usually we leave them at the centers to hand out to their patients, but now we can be contacted through our website and we deliver the pack to them,” said Charette.
 The coalition’s first group fundraiser is Jan. 20, 2021, at Compassion Corner, located on the intersection of 22nd and L streets in downtown Bakersfield. Henry said it will offer a deep pit barbecue sandwich, chips, a drink and a cookie for $15 per plate. Supporters can pay that day, masks are expected and all safety precautions will be in effect, and it goes to a great cause — actually, four.
  _Sylvia Cariker is on the Links for Life Board of Directors._


--DocBreak--
Brexit goes down to the wire: EU and UK say big differences remain | in- cyprus.com


--DocBreak--
“So now we are gradually making success. Today it is Ebonyi, who knows who it will be next? My hope and prayer is that before the end of this year, two more governors will join APC. God helps us and it works, I am home and dry.”


--DocBreak--
Conversely, hyperscalers like Microsoft and Amazon are cognizant of these dynamics and are positioning themselves accordingly with telco-specific solutions like Amazon Web Services (AWS) Wavelength and Microsoft Azure Edge Zones, particularly on edge computing deployments, said ABI.


--DocBreak--
The calendar says, and the late Andy Williams crooned, that we are upon what is supposed to be the most wonderful time of the year. But most aren’t likely to use the word “wonderful” right now. This holiday season, more than ever before, we could all use an extra measure of good cheer.
 While there won’t be a Christmas parade this year to put us in the holiday mood, passersby downtown can still treat themselves to a piece of nostalgia in the delightful animated holiday display in the front window of Jenks Tire Company.
 This will mark the 48th year of the whimsical Christmas display that has become a local viewing tradition for families. Spend a few minutes taking it all in, and you will be transported back to small-town America, with homespun miniature Christmas scenes, where there is no pandemic, discord or unrest.
 The small shop traces its history back to 1923 in a wrecking yard in Salt Lake City where 15-year-old Joe Jenks repaired wooden-spoke wheels. He opened his own business in Bakersfield in 1952 and six years later moved it to its present location at 908 21st St. Not long after the move, Joe started the shop’s Christmas tradition by putting up old tires and an aluminum tree in the storefront.
 In 1972, his son, Jeff, created the miniature wintry scene by hand.
 “I wanted to carry on that tradition,” he said.
 Inspired by the elaborate window displays at Brock’s Department Store, and the lighted trees along Truxtun Avenue, the younger Jenks fashioned a quaint and amusing winter wonderland. A dog pulls on a string of lights, there is a Model T driven by Santa loaded with toys passing snow-covered trees. A woman churns butter on the porch of a Victorian house inspired by the Howell House which now stands at the Kern County Museum. There is a gas-pumping attendant, a lumberjack chopping down a tree, a horse, snowman and tobogganers, all set in motion by magnets and motors.
 As a teenager, Jenks walked past the Howell House downtown on his way to his father’s shop every day after school.
 “I remember seeing Mrs. Howell out watering her lawn. Then when the house was moved to the museum, I kept the newspaper article. The miniature house in the display is my interpretation of it,” he added.
 His hankering for tinkering began as a young boy.
 “My dad would bring me stuff home from the shop and I would see if I could take it apart and make it better,” he recalled. “I have always been fascinated with the mechanics of things.”
 He built the Model T from scratch using a camera motor. In all, he guesstimates there are 12 motors and many solenoids powering the charming display.
 Complete with skaters gliding atop a frozen pond, the creation was a family affair.
 “I brought the heads off my younger sister’s dolls, my mother sewed the figurines’ clothing and my father made the shingle for the house,” he said.
 A labor of love, he will have spent upwards of four days getting it ready for this weekend. It is on a timer and will come to life every day from 4:30 to 9 p.m. “I like to leave it up a week or two into January.”
 Young at heart, Jenks, who has never married and has no children or grandchildren, isn’t sure what will eventually become of the display, nearly 50-years-old, that the late Padre Hotel’s Sparticus Miller once offered to buy for several thousand dollars.
 “It might be a headache for somebody else,” he laughed.
 For now, it will tug at your heartstrings and remind you that this should be the most wonderful time of the year.
  _Opinions expressed in this column are those of Lisa Kimble._


--DocBreak--
Farmers have long been seen as the heart and soul of India, where agriculture supports more than half of the country’s 1.3 billion people. But farmers have also seen their economic clout diminish over the last three decades. Once accounting for a third of India’s gross domestic product, they now produce only 15% of gross domestic product, which is valued at $2.9 trillion a year.


--DocBreak--
“Motorcycle racers have been coming to Road America since the early 80’s and they love this place,” said Mike Kertscher, Road America’s Senior Vice President. "The track is designed to make full use of the natural terrain, with elevation changes and undulating turns that allow for intense speeds that test a rider’s skill to the maximum. Combine that with our park-like atmosphere, open seating and great spectator locations and it all equates to MotoAmerica racing at its best. We are very pleased to continue this relationship with MotoAmerica and we look forward to many more incredible events at America's National Park of Speed."


--DocBreak--
All that will go overboard for five days over the holidays, when up to three households can form a “Christmas bubble” and members can move freely between them. Cabinet Minister Michael Gove spoke of the need to “offer hope for families and friends who have made many sacrifices over this difficult year."


--DocBreak--
Highlighting that Islamophobia and xenophobia have turned into a trend that guides state policy and makes daily life difficult, Erdogan said the marginalization of Muslims due to their beliefs, language, names, or dress has become ordinary in many countries.


--DocBreak--
Il concorso e gratuito e aperto a tutti quelli che, dichiarando il pieno possesso dei diritti sulle immagini inviate, acconsentano all'uso gratuito delle stesse da parte dell'Ordine dei Geologi della Campania per attivita di comunicazione e divulgazione.


--DocBreak--
We've seen those closest to us, maybe even ourselves, fall ill because of COVID-19. Unfortunately, we've also lost several lives from this virus. Many have lost their jobs because their business was forced to shut down. We've also seen cries for social justice from around the country following the deaths of Black men and women, not to mention a tough political climate.
 It's hard to believe it all happened in a year, but I think it's safe to say 2020 will forever be engrained into our memory.
 I'm someone who likes to focus on the positives in life, and even though there have been plenty of bad days this year, I hope you've experienced some good ones as well. I may not have spent the last nine months doing exactly what I wanted, but I'm so thankful that I was able to visit my family safely. I may have had to cancel a trip I was looking forward to right when the pandemic was spreading across the United States, but I had plenty of time to take care of myself at home. Most importantly, my family and I have been able to stay healthy and safe throughout the year, which is my biggest blessing. My heart aches for everyone who has had a much tougher time.
 And, of course, 2020 brought with it the chance to be your new editor. I'm so thankful for this new journey I've been on the last few months, and I'm looking forward to putting out even more quality issues in the next year.
 Whatever year it may be, we all have our ups and downs. Maybe 2020 was an anomaly, but think back to years prior. Heartaches, financial problems, stress and everything else in between have a way of creeping in when we least expect.
 But that doesn't mean it should take away from the good moments. After all, you can't have flowers without a little bit of rain. Even though dealing with heartache is devastating, sometimes it brings us closer to others around us, making us realize just how important the people in our lives really are. And if there's stress in life, it pushes us to get over the hurdles, and once the hard work is done, there's no better feeling.
 The biggest reminder I'm going to take with me from this year is to never take anything for granted. Traveling, taking the same commute to get to work and even getting together with friends and family are never guaranteed. Even mindless tasks like going to the grocery store and buying toilet paper and disinfecting wipes are ones to appreciate to the fullest extent.
 Another important piece of advice is to focus more on the positives. It's easier said than done — trust me, I know — but it gives us a better mindset, especially during the times when we need it the most.
 I hope the rest of your 2020 is filled with good moments and happiness, and fingers crossed that it's over in the blink of an eye. Here's to a brighter 2021.
 Ema Sasic
 Editor
 661-395-7392
 esasic@bakersfield.com


--DocBreak--
The programme in Libya is funded by the European Union through the Emergency Trust Fund for Africa, to improve living conditions and build resilience among vulnerable populations, including migrants, refugees, internally displaced people (IDPs), returnees and host communities.

