Homicide by heart attack’ alleged in bird feed dispute | Queensland Times


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 $1 for 3 months. Save 97%.
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 $1 for 3 months. Save 97%.
 News Sports Business Go Play Opinion Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 NEWS
 # Prattville council approves pay raises for all city employees in $64 million budget
 Marty Roney
 Montgomery Advertiser
 View Comments
 PRATTVILLE — Employees working for the city of Prattville will be seeing more in their paychecks after the council passed a budget during Tuesday night's meeting.
 The council voted 5-1-1 to pass the $64 million spending plan. District 1 Councilman Albert Striplin voted against the budget and District 2 Councilman Marcus Jackson abstained.
 The budget calls for a 3% across the board cost of living pay raise for employees, with the amount being retroactive to Oct. 1, the beginning of the fiscal year. Employees are also eligible for a 2.5% merit raise.
 The big shift in the budget is moving the economic development coordinator position from the Prattville Area Chamber of Commerce to the mayor's office
 The initial salary estimates are $125,000 per year with a $103,000 per year operating cost for the position. The economic development coordinator has been a position filled at the chamber.
 There hasn't been a coordinator in place for the past eight months, since Jeffrey Wood "Woody" Hydrick, who held the post, died unexpectedly in March. The chamber has been working to fill the spot, but no one has been hired.
 Striplin said after the meeting adjourned that he was concerned about the way the budget places lodging tax collections into the general fund but doesn't track how that revenue is spent. He also said that the line item budget doesn't clarify any surpluses departments have at the end of the fiscal year.
 "I'm also concerned about moving the economic development position from the chamber," he said. "I can't see how we can build a bridge by removing planks."
 Jackson said, also after the meeting, that he supported "99 percent of the budget."
 "I especially support the raises for the city employees," he said. "But I was torn about moving economic development from the chamber and what that means for the future relationship with the chamber."
 District 6 Councilman Robert Strichik said he expects the relationship between the city and chamber to remain strong.
 _Contact Montgomery Advertiser reporter Marty Roney at mroney@gannett.com._
 View Comments
 About Us Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Businesses Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter E-Edition Storytellers Archives RSS Feeds
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Education Reviewed 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.montgomeryadvertiser.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
DAYTON, Ohio (AP) -- Chase Johnson had 14 points and seven rebounds as Dayton edged past Eastern Illinois 66-63 on Tuesday night.

