Bianca Schroetlin poses for a photo Wednesday, Dec. 2, 2020, showing the prewritten messages co-parents can use to help keep the peace on an app she created. The app is called Peaceful Parent. (Jenny Sparks / Loveland Reporter- Herald)


--DocBreak--
really it's truly an aggravating waste of time--why do I have to even explain this after so many years? these news threads are to collate differing takes on a single story that one sees of interest in order to analyze what's going on. everyone is free to add to that. You would thing I'd get some thanks once in a while for sharing all that I see and others pitching in with what they find. BUT NOOOOO, it's "you must agree with this or that for posting that", always trying to figure out what my take is on it. And then fucking wanting to argue about bigger issues ad nauseum, the same old same old. I'm posting what influencers are saying. Don't care to be one myself!


--DocBreak--
Carl is the dad that will stick up for you so long as he has reason to believe that you're in the right, otherwise he's pretty balanced in his opinions since he doesn't like to fly off the hook unless there's a very good reason for doing so. The chances are good that if he's angry at someone there's a very good reason since he's a pretty well-balanced father figure that takes care of his family and doesn't try to fight their battles for them unless there's some sort of injustice that needs taking care of, as there was in this clip. As far as being someone that enjoys his job and his personal life, Carl is the kind of person that doesn't play favorites and tries to be as fair as he can.


--DocBreak--
When they call out all the haters, you can bid and take a bow.


--DocBreak--
Bringing you yesterday's news from Japan and Asia, today.


--DocBreak--
I started off wanting to be an influencer, and found myself more under the influence. Social media is the opioid of the messes.


--DocBreak--
"Regular refresher training is vital for first aiders, so they can ensure their knowledge and skills are the best they can possibly be, and our online courses proficiently bridge the gap between a learner's practical sessions. Our courses also include guidance on administering first aid in light of COVID-19, with links to appropriate online sources that offer the latest advice."


--DocBreak--
The first vaccines are only weeks away but the winter is looking bleak for the United States, where the coronavirus outbreak is worse than ever and 150,000 more people could perish by February.
 The death rate is back to where it was in springtime, far exceeding 2,000 a day and bringing the total to more than 273,000, according to a tracker maintained by Johns Hopkins University.
 Despite medical advances that have allowed doctors to treat the disease better and meant more patients can stay at home, there are far more people in hospital than during earlier peaks.
 The figure is currently 100,000 people, according to the Covid Tracking Project, compared to 60,000 in April and July.
 And unlike when the virus first entered the US and was confined to certain hotspots, it's now everywhere.
 Dashboards that track infections show almost the entire map of the United States lit up in red, indicating the situation is critical.
 Yet few states are planning new lockdowns, and restrictions are being imposed in patchwork fashion, in the absence of a national strategy by President Donald Trump, whose focus has been on vaccines.
 \- Grim predictions -
 "The reality is, December and January and February are going to be rough times," Robert Redfield, director of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said Wednesday.
 "I actually believe they're going to be the most difficult time in the public health history of this nation," he added, warning as many as 450,000 could be dead by February.
 According to an average of predictive models compiled by the CDC, the country should cross 300,000 deaths before the end of the year.
 But even that number hides the reality: when including deaths that were misdiagnosed or caused indirectly, 300,000 was crossed in October.
 \- Little national coordination -
 After much delay, mask mandates are in force across most of the country after recalcitrant governors finally gave way.
 But there are almost no statewide lockdowns on businesses, restaurants, and places of worship, although they are subject to certain conditions.
 The two exceptions are in California and Ohio.
 Some local jurisdictions have taken action, restricting restaurants to outdoor dining, or closing schools like in New York.
 Cities like Chicago have asked residents to stay at home, but these aren't mandatory orders.
 America's decentralized system of governance is a point of fierce pride, but it has been a weakness in this health crisis, according to top infectious disease scientist Anthony Fauci, who said he was dismayed that so many places where people gather remain open.
 "When someone wants to temporarily close down a bar, that's not a bad thing to do," he told Fox News on Wednesday.
 The Republican governor of Florida, a state which appears to have passed its worst peak in November, has ruled out any further restrictions.
 \- Ex-presidents make pledge -
 The Trump administration expects to vaccinate 20 million people by the end of December pending approval of the Pfizer-BionTech and Moderna-NIH vaccines, and 100 million people by February.
 But experts warn Covid restrictions are still required for some time.
 "A vaccine will be the single most important tool we have to fight Covid, but it's not going to turn things around overnight," tweeted Tom Frieden, a former director of the CDC.
 The country can start to return to normal when population immunity is achieved, around April, May or June, when 70-75 percent of Americans are immunized, said Fauci.
 They must first, however, want to take the vaccine.
 To convince vaccine-skeptics, former presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton have said they will receive their shots on live television.


--DocBreak--
TV sitcom dads in the 90s had quite a range of role models to look at since there were the wholesome and overall good dads that were there for their families and then there were those that stayed with their families but were a bit suspect when it came to their overall moral code. But when we talk about the 'best' sitcom dads it's kind of subjective since 'best' usually means a lot of different things to a lot of people. In this case, the 'best' is a dad that's there but not always the best influence on people, since as a lot of people have said, any man can make a child, but it takes a real father to stay by his family through thick and thin and never leave. A couple of the examples on this list aren't the best when it comes to upholding a strong sense of morality, but at the very least they're the best because they were the most entertaining and managed to make us believe in the sanctity of fatherhood in one way or another. After all, a father is someone that's bound to stick around and do what they can for their family, even if they don't always want to.


--DocBreak--
Earl's not really a bad dad, but like the other working dads on this list he does have a few faults here and there that people don't always address since he does argue with his mother in law, he does toss the baby across the room now and then, and he definitely has kind of an attitude. But beneath all that he is a pretty good guy that cares about his family and is more or less the type of dad that wants things his way and enjoys a home and family that run the way they need to in order to make everyone happy, for a matter of seconds anyway. But like all dads, he's there for his family when they need him.


--DocBreak--
The death rate is back to where it was in springtime, far exceeding 2,000 a day and bringing the total to more than 273,000, according to a tracker maintained by Johns Hopkins University Justin HAMEL AFP/File


--DocBreak--
The yellowing pages in the club's notebook are filled with names and businesses who supported Sterling FFA Mother’s Club efforts 41 years ago, and Sterling continues to be an incredibly supportive community of its youth and their involvement in agriculture today. Donations so far include: A two night stay in a cabin near Rapid City, S.D.; a hog donated that includes processing; a Sterling Tiger Cornhole Set; gift baskets by down town businesses as well as family members of FFA students and additional items as well.

