She adds that while it's obviously important that her children are her first priority, she's still an individual. And just like every other mom out there, she needs time for herself once in a while,


--DocBreak--
“In Edinson Cavani, you can see the frustration. I wonder if the people who play with him are on the same wavelength. I think Rashford is an individual on the pitch, and there are questions over whether they will ever get consistency from Martial. That hurts Cavani, who is an out-and-out striker.


--DocBreak--
Intr-adevar, vehiculul respectiv era mai vechi de 20 de ani si nu se incadra in cerintele legii, insa e inexplicabil cum autoritatile spaniole nu si-au dat seama ca masina era urcata pe o platforma si nu circula de sine statator.",


--DocBreak--
Often times before taking the field, Waskom senior Mikael Cooper writes a message down for himself and his team.
 “What I do sometimes is I write on the board, ’48 minutes to play, a lifetime to remember,’” he said. “That’s what my dad always tells me.”
 Cooper and his Wildcats are able to play for at least 48 more minutes because of a play he made in the second round of the playoffs.
 With just five seconds remaining, Daingerfield quarterback Zaylon Jeter connected with Dee Lewis to cut Waskom’s lead down to one point.
 The Tigers took a timeout and instead of kicking the extra point to bring the game into overtime, they made a gutsy call to go for the two-point conversion and Cooper made a play he’ll likely remember for a lifetime.
 “I was as a backer to trick the line and I got down as a tackle, and I’m just sitting there like, ‘I’ve got to get through,’” Waskom’s senior linebacker and defensive lineman recalls.
 “So I just drove through, I hit the ground and the guard in front of me grabbed my legs and I fell. Then I got back up, ran around and I tackled No. 3 (Jeter).”
 “He made the game-saving tackle against Daingerfield,” Waskom athletic director and head football coach Whitney Keeling said.
 “He gets knocked to the ground, hops back up, runs down the line of scrimmage and tackles the guy before he can get into the end zone. The lineman is lying on him and he jumps up and runs down the line and tackles him to save the game on the two-point conversion.”
 The Tigers then attempted an onside kick but it was recovered by the Wildcats who sealed up the 28-27 win in the area round of the playoffs.
 “Against Daingerfield, everybody said we were supposed to get blown out and that didn’t happen,” Cooper offered. “When somebody tells me I can’t do something, it just motivates me way more. I’m like, ‘I’m fixing to do it.’
 “I love challenges because if you’re not given a challenge, it’s not really pushing you to do anything or accomplish anything.”
 Cooper has been on and off with football but was determined to play his senior year. This year, he has 72 tackles, 19 tackles for a loss, 3.5 sacks, one fumble recovery and five forced fumbles.
 “It’s really a good comeback story and he’s had great year and he has helped us out drastically,” Keeling said. “He’s one of the leaders for us on the defensive line and at linebacker.
 “We’ve moved him around. He’s like an ultimate, fighting Ninja Warrior dude. That’s what you’re going to see on TV later in life. He is a freakish athlete.”
 The Wildcats own an overall record of 10-1 and went 5-1 in district play. That one loss was to the Elysian Fields Yellow Jackets and tonight, the two Harrison County rivals will go head-to-head in the quarterfinals.
 “We’ve just got to stay focused and we definitely can’t give up big plays, Cooper said when asked what his team must do to get revenge on the Yellow Jackets. “Go full out the whole game.”
 As a senior, Cooper hopes to extend his high school football career as long as possible and leave a positive mark with his teammates.
 “You know how people say to find someone who inspires you that does what you do?” Cooper asked. “Well I kind of changed it up and said I like to push myself to inspire others.
 “More than anything else, we play as a family. If I do something wrong, I’m letting my family down. So I’ve got to make a big play every play.”
 If he’s able to do that, regardless of the outcome, tonight’s game will be 48 minutes Cooper won’t soon forget.
 Tonight’s game between Waskom and Elysian Fields is slated for a 7:30 p.m. kickoff at Longview’s Lobo Stadium.


--DocBreak--
There’s an old saying, “What you see is what you get.”
 That old saying, however, doesn’t exactly apply for Elysian Fields junior linebacker and safety Chris Haigh.
 “I’ve nicknamed him ‘Wolverine,’ because he turns into a different human being,” Elysian Fields athletic director and head football coach Scott Ford said of Haigh.
 “I feel more aggressive when I’m on the field,” Haigh said.
 “You see how polite he is but on the field, he’s not like that,” Ford added. “You get a whole different person who emerges. The first time we saw him, we were like, ‘Who’s that kid?’ In fact, he’s so quiet and has never, ever complained about anything, I think it took him a little longer to get his shot because of that but once he got his shot, he didn’t give it back.”
 Haigh doesn’t say much vocally. Instead, he lets his game do the talking and this season, he has said a lot with his 76 tackles, three tackles for a loss, two fumble recoveries and one forced fumble. In the Yellow Jackets game against Harleton, Haigh recorded 22 tackles.
 “Chris is a straight-A student,” Ford said. “He’s the most polite and respectful young man you could run across but when he steps between the lines, he plays the game 100 miles an hour and he plays it hard and clean and he gets the most out of what God gave him. At the end of the day, that’s all you can ask of any kid – to get the most out of what you’ve been blessed with and he does that. I think he’s symbolic of our entire team.”
 The team itself owns an overall record of 11-2 after going 6-0 against 11-3A Division II opponents to earn a district championship. The Yellow Jackets are now in the quarterfinals where they’ll go up against Harrison County rivals Waskom Wildcats in a district rematch. The Yellow Jackets came away with the 28-21 victory when the teams met on Oct. 30.
 “Just working together and dong what the coaches have planned for us,” Haigh said when asked what the key is to getting a win over the Wildcats. “I hope we make it to state. I think the seniors deserve it.”
 “One thing we’ve talked about is following the plan,” Ford said. “Most teams that get off the course don’t follow the plan. It’s not listening to your mom, dad or your girlfriend, it’s listening to the guys in the fieldhouse and this team has made the choice to do that. Everyone has an opinion on social media and the kids are always now exposed to it. They’ve got to make decisions and take responsibility, or they don’t have to and then they don’t have a successful season.”
 “We’re all working well together,” Haigh said when asked about team chemistry. “There haven’t been any fights at all.”
 Tonight’s quarterfinal matchup between Elysian Fields and Waskom is slated for a 7:30 p.m. kickoff at Lobo Stadium in Longview.


--DocBreak--
Africa: Lessons From Trump's Dethronement for Africa


--DocBreak--
Intr-adevar, vehiculul respectiv era mai vechi de 20 de ani si nu se incadra in cerintele legii, insa e inexplicabil cum autoritatile spaniole nu si-au dat seama ca masina era urcata pe o platforma si nu circula de sine statator.


--DocBreak--
"I certainly have less time and I think I've just gotten a bit more efficient about getting ready, whereas before I would have a few more minutes to experiment with different looks," the _Tron: Legacy_ actress confesses. "Now I kind of know what I'm going to go for and I'm good about getting it done in five minutes."


--DocBreak--
Singapore shares end the week in the black, STI up 0.62%
 SINGAPORE shares extended their gains on Friday to end the week in the black, with the benchmark Straits Times Index...


--DocBreak--
partners come on board. 


--DocBreak--
Tanzania: Tanzania-Angola Rail Link in the Offing


--DocBreak--
group of people face to face to exchange ideas usually forces them hear one


--DocBreak--
Tanzania: Cashew Production Projected to Fall Short of Target By Over 20pc

