The concern for the Buckeyes is that they could fall short of the six-game threshold to be eligible for the Big Ten title game.


--DocBreak--
We had 2000 fans but it felt like more! - Arteta lauds supporter contribution as Arsenal run riot in Europa League | Goal.com


--DocBreak--
The news you want – unfiltered.   The Electronic Urban Report/EUR puts the most buzz worthy African American news at your fingertips. There is no more complete source for urban news than the Electronic Urban Report.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 As low as 99¢ for the first month
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 As low as 99¢ for the first month
 News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 # Massachusetts may join 49 other states in having interlock devices for some first time drunk drivers
 Joe Difazio
 The Patriot Ledger
 BOSTON — Massachusetts has been the lone state to not require or have interlock devices in the process for first-time drunken drivers, but that may change if Gov. Charlie Baker accepts the $46.2 billion budget sent to his desk by the Legislature on Friday, which included an interlock device rider.
 Every other state in the U.S. has a process for or requires drivers to get the equipment, called an ignition interlock device, installed after their first drunken-driving conviction. In Massachusetts, drivers are only required to get it after they are convicted two or more times.
 The budget amendment, drafted by state Senate Minority Leader Bruce Tarr, a Gloucester Republican, would authorize the registrar of motor vehicles to require anyone found to be driving with a blood alcohol concentration of .15 percent or higher to have an interlock device if they seek a hardship license. The state considers drivers at .08 percent blood alcohol to be drunk.
 Hardship licenses come with time restrictions and are granted to drivers who lose their license, but prove they need to drive to get to and from work, school or medical appointments. People convicted of first-time drunken driving can lose their licenses for up to a year.
 Ignition interlock devices work similarly to alcohol breath analyzers, best known by the brand name Breathalyzer, but are connected to a car's ignition and require a driver to blow into it to start the car and occasionally while driving. If the device detects alcohol, it won't allow the car to start. If it's mid-trip, the car will keep going until it's shut off, and won't start again until the device is reset.
 "The inclusion of this amendment will put in place a powerful tool to prevent drunk driving by first-time offenders and prevent the loss of lives and serious injuries on the roadways of the Commonwealth,” Tarr said in a statement. “With bipartisan support, and years of advocacy from friends and families of victims, we are now ready to take a major advance in curbing preventable crashes and deadly behavior.”
 Ron Bersani, who successfully lobbied for an overhaul of the state's drunken- driving laws after his granddaughter, 13-year-old Melanie Powell of Marshfield, was killed by a repeat drunken driver in 2003, wished the measure went further.
 "It should be mandatory for everyone convicted of drunken driving for the first time ... it's a softball approach," Bersani said. "The interlock device not only saves the lives of other people, but it saves the life of the driver."
 Bersani credited Tarr as an early supporter of Melanie's law and said it while it's not as far as he wants, he hopes Baker still accepts the measure.
 "I'm disappointed. Massachusetts is always kicking and screaming when it comes to catching up to other states," Bersani said. "It's been 15 years since Melanie's Law and we're still fighting for this somehow."
 Massachusetts first required interlock devices with Melanie's Law passed in 2005, before that Massachuett's drunken driver laws were considered very lax.
 Hingham police Sgt. Steven Dearth, a longtime proponent of interlock devices, said that any measure to broaden the use of the devices is a step in the right direction.
 "Interlock devices make a difference, we know that, we've seen them work," Dearth said.
 Dearth said it's important to note also that the devices are paid for by the offender, and don't cost taxpayers.
 The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that the interlock devices reduce repeat offenses by 70%, a finding that has driven states across the country to incorporate them into their drunken-driving laws. More than 30 states now require drivers to get the device after a first drunken-driving conviction, according to Mothers Against Drunk Driving, while other states use it as an avenue for drivers to get a suspended license back sooner after a first conviction.
 Mothers Against Drunk Driving has long pushed for interlock devices for everyone convicted of drunken driving, but were happy to see the amendment.
 “As we enter the holiday season, which is emotional for so many of our victims and survivors, we are grateful for Senator Tarr’s amendment,” said Mary Kate Depamphilis, Mothers Against Drunk Driving Program Director for the New England Region. “Through this legislation, we honor the lives we have lost to drunk driving and those living with injuries every day. We also honor the countless lives that will be saved in the Commonwealth as we move forward."
  _Joe Difazio can be reached at jdifazio@patriotledger.com._
 Careers Accessibility Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook Twitter E-Edition Archives
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Pay Your Ad Bill Reviewed.com 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.patriotledger.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
Ibi Watson drilled a 3-pointer with nine seconds left to tie the game but Bandoumel took the ball toward the low block on the left side of the lane, twisted and floated a one-hander that landed softly on the back of the rim and dropped through.


--DocBreak--
First up was James' deal. He inked a two-year, $85 million contract through the 2022-23 season on Wednesday. The extension will take him into his age 39/40 season, but because he's LeBron James his age doesn't matter. He's still performing at an extremely high level.


--DocBreak--
Under British government regulations, Arsenal were able to welcome back 2,000 supporters to the 60,704-capacity ground, heralding the first taste of normalcy for both players and fans after several months of matches behind closed doors.


--DocBreak--
Trotter threw an interception and lost a fumble after being sacked. Each led to a Troy touchdown.

