"We're going above and beyond at Cervantes' in order to keep everyone safe," he says. "The feedback that we've received from patrons, performers and staff has been almost overwhelmingly positive. People sincerely feel safe while they're on site, as they should."
 Fortunately, no employees of Cervantes' have tested positive for COVID-19, but the financial impact of being closed most of the year has been quite severe, Goodman says. "We were shut down for a full five and a half months, where zero revenue was generated. Operating at a reduced capacity the last couple months has helped to put a dent in our monthly overhead costs, but it's not sustainable. We've accumulated substantial debt that we'll be paying off for years to come."
 He says all staff members at the venues have been impacted by the closures and restrictions, though Goodman says the owners kept workers on the payroll as long as they could. They were only able to sustain that practice for a few months, however.
 "Luckily, a lot of our staff were able to earn unemployment and take advantage of the weekly additional pay that the first federal stimulus package provided," he says. "That additional stimulus ended on July 31, but it's the hope that a new stimulus bill will be passed soon."
 Goodman adds that the pandemic has been especially tough on self-employed gig workers -- contract workers -- associated with the venues. Cervantes' wasn't able to include wages paid to gig employees when it applied for its Paycheck Protection Program loan, so contract workers were hit particularly hard. Goodman says the PPP loan and Economic Injury Disaster Loan have served as "Band-Aids" for the venue's finances.
 "At the end of the day, there's no way to downplay it. The pandemic has been absolutely devastating to our finances," he says. "With that said, I am proud to proclaim that Cervantes' will outlast the pandemic. However long it takes, however long we're unable to operate, we're not going anywhere."
 Cervantes' ran a GoFundMe campaign in March and April that raised more than $30,000 that went to gig workers associated with the venue.
 "It was amazing to see how generous the Cervantes' network of people was in our time of need," he says. "I'm still blown away that we were able to raise so much in such a short amount of time."
 Cervantes' held a contest with local artists to design merch as a way to offset the loss of revenue as well.


--DocBreak--
The Los Angeles Rams took care of business to open Week 14, knocking off the New England Patriots on Thursday, 24-3. As a result, they were able to sit back and watch the rest of the NFL duke it out on Sunday afternoon and night, hoping to get some help with a couple of upsets over teams L.A. is jockeying for position with.

