Evening report: Mining losses keep ASX in the red


--DocBreak--
Rags to riches: CEO of ¥100 billion startup comes up from the streets


--DocBreak--
So far, there haven’t been any high-profile investor run-ins with the law, though companies continue to warn in registration statements about the risks of being in a federally illegal industry. For example, even if a drug like psilocybin wins FDA approval for use in a certain drug, the DEA would still need to "deschedule” or "reschedule” it, removing it from Schedule 1 under the Controlled Substances Act, for it to be commercially marketed.
 The long history of psychedelics also means intellectual property needs to be scrutinized. Investors in the space caution about companies that are all smoke and mirrors, and say it may take the discovery of novel molecules, synthetically derived hallucinogens or other creative business models for companies to distinguish themselves in a field dominated by natural products, which can’t be directly patented.
 Meanwhile, hopes for medical breakthroughs are high. Whereas cannabis aims to treat things like depression, addiction, anxiety and PTSD, psychedelics investors say many substances show the promise of actually curing them by resetting the brain — with some claiming it takes a single use. Research at universities such as Johns Hopkins University, Imperial College London and King’s College London have created excitement around such prospects for a range of drugs, such as ketamine, a horse tranquilizer that’s now legally prescribed off-label at some U.S. and German clinics; MDMA, also known as ecstasy or molly; and 5-MEO, which is found in plants and the Sonoran Desert toad.
 "The possibilities for psychedelics to be a new medicine and replace antidepressants is 100 times greater than cannabis,” said JLS Fund’s Schnapper.
 After working as a cannabis operator just before what he called the "green rush” years, he invested a few million dollars and lost a lot of it in 2018 and 2019 when stocks deflated. He is currently only in one well-known cannabis-investment, Method Man’s Tical, because he’s decided to go otherwise all-in for psychedelics. An investment in one company gave him around 1,000 times his money in less than a year, he said.
 "I’ve seen the best returns in any industry,” Schnapper said.


--DocBreak--
Evening report: Mining losses keep ASX in the red - ShareCafe

