“We’ve talked about it. We've been really focused on Texas A&M right now. Once we get past this game on Saturday, we'll sit down and talk about that again.”


--DocBreak--
We at Apex Market Reports aim to be global leaders in qualitative and predictive analysis as we put ourselves in the front seat for identifying worldwide industrial trends and opportunities and mapping them out for you on a silver platter. We specialize in identifying the calibers of the market’s robust activities and constantly pushing out the areas which allow our clientele base in making the most innovative, optimized, integrated and strategic business decisions in order to put them ahead of their competition by leaps and bounds. Our researchers achieve this mammoth of a task by conducting sound research through many data points scattered through carefully placed equatorial regions.


--DocBreak--
Victorian prosecutors will argue killer Codey Herrmann’s sentence for the brutal rape and murder of the 21-year-old student is “manifestly inadequate”, the state’s Court of Appeal was told on Thursday. The 22-year-old killer was jailed last year for at least 30 years after he admitted to bashing the student with a pole, raping her and setting her body on fire in the Melbourne suburb of Bundoora in January 2019.The crime was of an “appalling nature”, Justice Chris Maxwell said. The Director of Public Prosecutions, Kerri Judd QC will say the sentencing judge put too much weight on mitigating factors such as his personality disorder.But defence barrister Tim Marsh said the sentence was within range because of Herrmann’s seriously disadvantaged and traumatic background. The judge said he wanted to understand the “nexus” between disadvantage or Indigenous disadvantage and crimes of violence. “It’s very important in a case like this and very important in criminal justice,” Justice Maxwell said. Justice Maxwell said as “white, middle class judges” his colleagues had little experience of this disadvantage. The killer was sentenced in October last year to 36 years behind bars but must spend at least three decades behind bars before he is eligible for parole. Ms Maasarwe was attacked as she was on the phone to her sister after she got off a tram from Melbourne’s city. The young student’s Israel- based sister heard her screams from over the phone and contacted police. The appeal hearing will begin in March next year.


--DocBreak--
Coincidentally, Donovan State Prison is just down the road from the Otay Mesa Detention Center, a privately operated facility that houses mostly migrants awaiting asylum and/or other immigration cases.


--DocBreak--
She then began to work as a seamstress in a clothing factory to make ends meet. It was in New York where her career as a dancer, teacher, and community activist. In 1962, Maldonado formed the group Mambo Girls together with her sister Marina Maldonado. With Mambo Girls, Maldonado traveled around the world performing in local and national television stations.


--DocBreak--
Fellow three-star San Diego product Isiah King “covers a lot of ground” and is a “good hitter. He’s got good ball skills.” King stands 6-4, weighing 200 pounds. He added 397 yards and eight touchdowns as a receiver in 2019.


  Also from San Diego, receiver Ja’Shon Williams is slippery with the ball in- hand. He was a two-star cornerback at Lincoln.


  Petrino commended UI cornerbacks coach Vernon Smith for his work reeling in the San Diego natives.


  Regionally, UI nabbed in-state offensive lineman Logan Harris, a former All- Southern Idaho Conference player at Centennial High School in Boise. Harris (6-7, 290), a grayshirt in the fall, put on about 15 pounds of muscle in the past year.


--DocBreak--
Rick especially enjoys all the atmosphere, tradition and drama of college football. He also likes profiling sports personalities and learning what drives them both on and off the field.


--DocBreak--
_Steven M. Yedinak, Newport News_
 The Founding Fathers were both brilliant in formulating a new governing document and clairvoyant. Equaling out citizens’ voting impact from the densely populated to the sparsely populated states has made for the common good in the long run. It’s worked well for us for more than two centuries. Change for change sake is never a good idea.
 _Herb De Groft, Smithfield_
 I think whichever process is most conducive to my candidate being elected in that particular year is the best process. Come on, man! Isn’t that what everyone thinks? Seriously.
 _Don Vtipil, Norfolk_
 It is hard for the Electoral College to remain relevant when a candidate gets 7 million fewer votes and 74 fewer electoral votes but calls the election “rigged.” The Electoral College makes it possible for losing candidates to continuously attack the so called “swing” states. These actions unfairly tarnish the image of these states.
 _Tom Banford, Chesapeake_
 It’s simple math. If you want to let just two exceptionally populous states decide who will be the president of the other 48, or if you want to make it much easier to effect massive election fraud in that process, or both, a popular vote election makes sense.
 _Don Lovett, Smithfield_
 Make the presidential and vice president election a national popular vote election. Uniform rules for all states for all federal office voting to include early, absentee, mail-in, write in and same day. Each state will still have two Senate seats and a differing number of representatives. Put an end to the foolishness.
 _D.A. Willard, James City County_
 I don’t know what another way would be, so I believe we should use the popular vote. The 2016 electoral vote put us where we are today.
 _Marie Whytsell, Hampton_
 I believe it is time to replace the electoral college. It was formed because the Leadership at the time it was formed did not trust the voter. In today’s world the electoral college does not serve a useful purpose but does give some an opportunity to subvert the will of the people.
 _Talbot N. Vivian, DHA, Yorktown_
 Electoral college is fine idea. Absentee ballots are fine. However, mail-in voting, unsolicited ballots with no way to verify who is voting ... those are not good ideas.
 _Melinda Webb, Hampton_
 The Electoral College is a hold-over from slavery. Every person’s vote should count equally. It should be abolished.
 _Gail Kent, Newport News_
 The Electoral College has been outdated and grossly inequitable to voters at least since 2000. It’s mind boggling that a candidate can win the popular vote and lose the election. This system dismisses thousands of legitimate votes. It’s much more ethical and logical for the presidential winner to be who received the most popular vote.
 _Andrew Byrne, Hampton_
 Last month an interesting article in the Daily Press by the AP explained “Why national presidential election results are handled by the national news organizations” — tradition! There have been several academic proposals to better evaluate the popular vote vs. the electoral count from each state but no better device for the delivery of the results.
 _Ross Kearney, Hampton_
 The Electoral College has mostly worked well for all these years so why change it? So often we think we know better than the Founding Fathers but more often we find out they were right.
 _Joyce Southern, Newport News_
 In my opinion the Electoral College is the fairest way to determine a president. Something that has worked for more than 200 years should be left alone.
 _Buddy Rilee, Gloucester_
 Twice in my lifetime, the Electoral College has chosen the person who did not win the popular vote. It needs to be eliminated.
 _Chris Astle, Newport News_
 The Electoral College system brings two of the three partners in our constitutional contract — we the people and the states — into the selection of the magistrate while keeping the third partner, who possesses the most power, out. To alter this protection of our democracy is flirting with disaster.
 _Dave McGinnis, Williamsburg_
 The Electoral College is here for a reason. Our Founding Fathers wanted to avoid allowing our elections to be dictated by a privileged class (in current times, the large cities). We are not a democracy but a constitutional republic. If we cared only that the college reflected the popular vote, we wouldn’t need the college. But we do.
 Advertisement


--DocBreak--
We do not recommend or accept any responsibility for any third party provider’s products, services, information, advice or opinions provided to you either directly or via their websites. We will not be responsible to you if any product or advice you obtain form a third party is not suitable for you or does not meet your requirements. Any links to a third party provider’s website on this site are for your convenience only. If you contact a third party provider advertised or mentioned on this website, either directly or via a link, any use by you of the third party provider’s website, products or information will be subject to the third party provider’s own terms and conditions. You should read these carefully.


--DocBreak--
"It has been past time for reform, and it is shameful that our state leaders are once again being forced through litigation to do the right thing for the people of Alabama," JaTaune Bosby, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Alabama, said in a statement.


--DocBreak--
Chief Meteorologist looks at the data for the coming season and offers...


--DocBreak--
Taking to her Twitter account, Kangana shared a couple of candid shots of herself twirling and dancing with the Rajasthani folk dancers at the sangeet ceremony of her brother. In the candid clicks, Kangana is seen lost in enjoying herself in dancing to the folk music of Rajasthan. She is seen making the most of her brother's fun wedding ceremonies in the photos. She is seen twirling in one of the photos with the dancers.


--DocBreak--
AE3 Media reserves the right to change the programme, speakers, dates or venue at any time, without notice. Should for any reason the venue or speakers change, or the event be cancelled due to an act of terrorism, extreme weather, disease control, industrial action, act of God or any eventuality beyond the control of AE3 Media, we shall endeavour to reschedule; but the client hereby indemnifies AE3 Media and holds AE3 Media harmless from and against any and all costs, damages and expenses, including legal fees, incurred by the client.


--DocBreak--
The two other than the Afghans are on the run, the SP said. }


--DocBreak--
Batten down the hatches: NSW to get smashed by storms
 Weather


--DocBreak--
Until recently, the temperature-controlled storage and shipping of pharmaceutical products, known as the “cold chain,” was a relatively sleepy corner of the health care industry. The technology to preserve animal-based cells and tissues by transporting them in cold conditions has been available since the 1950s, and certain breakthroughs in cancer research in the last decade increased demand for cold-chain transportation.
 But the virus, and the temperature-sensitive vaccines that are poised to combat it, have brought new attention to the cold-chain delivery systems in the United States and beyond. Even “Saturday Night Live” featured a cooler full of vaccines during a recent episode.
 The companies getting attention from Wall Street are notable for how niche their operations are. Many use an elaborate network of freezers and specialized trucks and aircraft to move temperature-sensitive materials — such as blood, stem cells and tissue — around the world without compromising their efficacy. It’s a delicate process, because a product can go from vital to useless within minutes of being removed from cold storage.
 Potential investors are constantly calling Stirling Ultracold, whose freezer equipment is powering UPS’ “freezer farms” in Louisville, Kentucky, and the Netherlands, where vaccines will be stored. “There’s not a day that goes by” that an inquiry doesn’t come in, said Dusty Tenney, Stirling’s chief executive, who is running his Athens, Ohio, production lines around the clock.
 Demand for Stirling’s freezer engines — the core component of its upright, under-the-counter and portable freezers — has soared, and the estimated waiting time for new orders is six to eight weeks, the company said. On Dec. 8, after multiple prospective investors studied the company’s financial metrics in a due diligence process, Stirling received a capital injection of an undisclosed amount that it plans to use to buy new equipment and expand production.
 In October, Blackstone, the private equity giant, invested $275 million in Cryoport, a Nashville, Tennessee company that specializes in shipping sensitive medical materials at freezing temperatures. Investors have also been bullish on Ember, the beverage-heating company that has developed a refrigerated medical shipping box with built-in GPS and already counts two Jonas Brothers and Brooklyn Nets forward Kevin Durant as shareholders.


--DocBreak--
"As sailors bringing a different skill set or experience on board.''


--DocBreak--
Washington State (5-0) is off to its best start since 2017-18 and receiving votes in the AP Top 25 for the first time since that season. Isaac Bonton, a former Montana State recruit and preseason all-Pac-12 selection, and Noah Williams are averaging double figures scoring to pace WSU.
 "They are a very disciplined team and their spacing is great," MSU coach Danny Sprinkle said. "(Head coach) Kyle Smith's teams do a really good job of spacing the floor, his guys make the right reads and he's always got shooters all over the place. They're a very hard guard.
 "They have two terrific guards in Isaac Bonton and Noah Williams who are tremendously talented. They're going to take a majority of their shots, but we can't let their kind of peripheral guys make a bunch of 3s either because that's when they're dangerous."
 Montana State heads into its fourth contest with a 2-1 record after defeating Yellowstone Christian 114-74 on Sunday in its home opener. The Bobcats' point total tied for sixth highest in program history. MSU was led by six double- digit scorers, the first time the program achieved the feat since 2009. MSU's 53 rebounds were its 10th most this century and its 33 free throws were tied for the third most in the same span.


--DocBreak--
“There’s eight out of these fourteen that would be midyear. This senior class, the guys that come back, they do not count towards the 85 (scholarship limit) next year. So, not yet. It's down the road and that has not been ruled on yet.”


--DocBreak--
Regional Victoria on the cards if Melbourne United can’t use John Cain Arena


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW
 $3 for 3 months. Save 90%.
 SUBSCRIBE NOW
 $3 for 3 months. Save 90%.
 News Sports GameTimePA Business Good News Obituaries E-Edition Legals
 Subscribe
 OPINION
 # Like Jesus, Mary and Joseph, we too have roles in the Christmas story
 Bill Gindlesperger
 Columnist
 Christmas can be a time to stop and just enjoy a brief moment, after feverishly preparing for a day that slowly comes and quickly goes.
 Getting ready for some folks began in November just after Thanksgiving. For other early bird enthusiasts, it started in October before Halloween. And just that fast it will end with a rush toward masked and socially distanced (if not Zoomed) New Year’s get togethers.
 Even though this year is different due to the threat of covid, there remain many traditions. Things we go back to year after year. Music. Cookies. Christmas trees. Decorating. Family. Friends. Hopefully a little snow. Gifts. The children. Maybe grandchildren. Time off work. Church for some. Prayer. Calm. Well, maybe not calm.
 It’s the sights, sounds, smells and familiar activities. All of this is Christmas.
 Santa Claus. The elves. Rudolph and the reindeer, who no longer make fun of him. Poor grandma who got run over by rampaging reindeer. Milk and cookies left near the fireplace for the old man with a beard and a jolly laugh.
 Bill Sellers collecting coats to help others. The Salvation Army. Bell ringers. Members of the Congregation Sons of Israel Synagogue, like Lynne Newman and so many others, who give generously of their time and talents preparing meals for the lonely and less fortunate.
 The annual barrage of letters to the Public Opinion about how Christmas is too commercial. How we have forgotten Jesus is the reason for the season. And how Xmax is not appropriate Christian jargon.
 On that subject…. Just to set the record straight… Xmas is as old as Christianity itself. The abbreviation was used as early as the year 1021. The origins lie in the Greek language and alphabet. The letter that looks like an X is the Greek letter Chi which is the first letter of the Greek word for Christ.
 The actual word "Christmas" is already shorthand for "Christ's mass," which is the church service that celebrated the birth of Jesus.
 None of this will stop people from feeling it important to express their outrage at what they see as shorthanding the word Christmas as Xmas. But to be clear, X has meant Christ long before the English began abbreviating Christ’s mass as Christmas. To be historically correct, Xmas was not created in our culture to be lazy or to demean the holiday. Xmas means the mass celebrating Christ’s birth.
 In addition to arguing over the spelling of Christmas, there is so much else to do and think about.
 Especially the meaning of Christmas. The story we sometimes don’t consider seriously or often enough.
 Remember the Christmas story? The one about Jesus?
 How a young woman and her betrothed brought new life into the world. They didn’t have a lot of money, if they had any at all. They had traveled a long distance. The government had ordered them and others like them to go back to where they came from to be counted in a census.
 When they got to Bethlehem, it was cold. All the rooms were full. There was no place to take shelter.
 So this young couple took refuge in a dirty animal shed. She went into labor. Maybe her partner had experience in delivering a baby… likely not.
 Nothing was sanitary here. There were just two young people who were likely scared. They were in a dangerous and life-threatening situation for the mother and her about to be born baby. There was no one to help. No one to give advice. No one to offer comfort. No hot water. No one to cut the cord. Just the two of them. They were cold, likely hungry and alone. The two of them were struggling against the odds.
 The woman gave birth and survived. As did the baby.
 They then moved on to avoid the threat posed by the government.
 The Biblical Christmas story describes how some were called to the birthplace by angels. But the real story goes far beyond this. It is about you and me.
 So what is our part in the Christmas story? No, not our role in family traditions, gifts exchanged, food eaten or the way we celebrate.
 I am asking about our own Christmas experiences, because I think it’s possible that we might leave ourselves out of the real Christmas story. That we might feel like observers, not participants.
 We know the characters by name. Mary. Joseph. Jesus. Angels. Shepherds. Wise men. But what about your name and mine? Aren’t we as much a part of this Christmas miracle as the original players?
 It seems we focus on the particulars of Jesus’ birth. Like the event. In our carols. In our retelling of the story. To such a degree that we omit ourselves. When that happens we deny ourselves the experience of Christmas. And Christmas just becomes another celebration. The rush of preparation. A day for the children. A time off work.
 And that causes us problems.
 We forget why Jesus was born. We forget that he and his message are themselves miracles. We forget that Christians are called to act and live the message of Jesus.
 We become hollow by not participating in the Christmas story. Our inaction and complacency impacts the lives of people less fortunate than ourselves. Somehow they become less deserving or less qualified or less valuable than we are. We allow our leaders to demonize them.
 That result is not the true Christmas story.
 Let’s not do that anymore. Let’s not limit the beauty and breadth of this sacred season to the historical particularities of the birth of Jesus. It’s bigger than that. It’s more than that.
 Jesus’ birth is said to have happened within a particular set of circumstances – a specific place, a specific time, a specific woman. But that doesn’t mean his birth is limited to, defined by, or contained only within those circumstances. Rather we must look for and experience this birth in the circumstances of our own lives.
 My own Christmas story is about how we have been given the opportunity to reframe our lives. To me that animal shed offered more than shelter to a poor family and their newborn baby. It held a miracle. Something more than we can see. It held the possibility for goodness.
 “I am bringing you good news of great joy for all people.” Not some people. Not just good people. Not just people like you and me. Not just Republicans or Democrats. But all people. No one is left out.
 So what do you see and feel at Christmas? And what role are you going to play?
 What is your Christmas story?
  _Bill Gindlesperger is a central Pennsylvanian, Pennsylvania System Of Higher Education (PASSHE) Governor, Shippensburg University Trustee, and Chairman of eLynxx Solutions that provides Print Buyer’s Software for procuring and managing direct mail, marketing, promo and print. He is a board member, campaign advisor, successful entrepreneur, published author and commentator. He can be reached at Bill.Gindlesperger@eLynxx.com_
 About Us Staff Directory Careers Accessibility Support Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy
 Contact Us Support Local Businesses Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Buy and Sell Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback
 Subscribe Today Newsletters Mobile Apps Facebook Twitter E-Edition Storytellers RSS Feeds
 Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Education Reviewed 10Best Reach Local
 © 2020 www.publicopiniononline.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
Brazils number of confirmed COVID-19 cases surged past 7 million on Wednesday, with an all-time high of more than 70,000 cases, according to the health ministrys daily bulletin. The total remains the worlds third highest, according to a tal...


--DocBreak--
“At some point you have to face the music,” Sen. John Thune of South Dakota said. “And I think once the Electoral College settles the issue today, it’s time for everybody to move on.” Similarly, Sen. John Cornyn of Texas let us know that he thinks Biden is “president-elect subject to whatever additional litigation is ongoing. I’m not aware of any.”
 It is refreshing to see Republican lawmakers finally yield to reality. Still, there’s something concerning about each of these statements. That something was also there in Sen. Lamar Alexander’s interview with Chuck Todd of “Meet the Press” on Sunday. Asked whether he had “any doubt who won the election,” the outgoing Tennessee senator answered, “Shouldn’t be after Monday. The states have counted, certified their votes. The courts have resolved the disputes. It looks very much like the electors will vote for Joe Biden.”
 The “something” is the idea that this past month of litigation (and angry outbursts and demanding phone calls with election officials) was somehow _normal_ , that the “constitutional process” for presidential elections includes potential judicial override, that the Supreme Court weighs in on challenges to the outcome, and that everything is provisional until the Electoral College cast its votes, as if that process is anything more than a formality.
 To affirm Joe Biden and Kamala Harris as the winners of the election more than a month after the end of voting — as Mitch McConnell did, on Tuesday morning, when he announced that “our country officially has a president-elect and vice- president elect” — is to treat the outcome as unofficial pending an attempt to overturn the result.
 In short, Republicans are establishing a new normal for the conduct of elections, one in which a Democratic victory is suspect until proven otherwise, and where Republicans have a “constitutional right” to challenge the vote in hopes of having it thrown out.
 We’ve already seen this spread to down-ballot races. Sean Parnell, a Republican House candidate, refused to concede his race against the Democratic incumbent, Conor Lamb, citing voter fraud and signed onto a lawsuit, since dismissed, to throw out mail-in ballots. “I will continue to fight and follow the constitutional process until every legal vote is counted and all legal proceedings are resolved,” he said, more than a week after Lamb declared victory.
 John James, the Republican candidate for the Senate in Michigan, took a similar stance. “While Sen. Peters is currently ahead, I have deep concerns that millions of Michiganders may have been disenfranchised by a dishonest few who cheat,” James said, days after voting ended with the incumbent Democrat, Gary Peters ahead. James did not concede until the end of the month.
 One rejoinder is that Democrats have played this game too. In 2018, Stacey Abrams took 12 days to end her campaign for Georgia governor. Her opponent, Brian Kemp, had also administered the election as secretary of state. In the years before, his office had improperly purged hundreds of thousands of voters from the rolls and closed polling stations in predominantly Black areas throughout the state. His was a slim victory, and Abrams held out on a concession to call attention to Kemp’s clear conflict of interest.


--DocBreak--
Mankato native stays close to home, signs with Maverick swim team


--DocBreak--
The Lakers’ last game in the Finals was Oct. 11. They will have two months and 10 days off before the start of the season. That’s just not enough time to recover.
 LeBron James will play opening night, of that I have no doubt. He’ll play the first week, of that I have no doubt. Everything after that is up in the air. He’ll say he’ll play. But if the body isn’t there, he’s just not going to push it. He knows what he’s playing for and the Lakers won’t be concerned with homecourt; they know they can go anywhere in the playoffs and win.
 The bulk of the focus will be on James, but Davis has always been nicked up, a constant “game-time decision.” Less recovery time makes me nervous about his ability to stay on the floor.
 The Lakers are most primed to coast of any team. They have nothing to prove, and the most to gain from rest. They play in a tough division with the Clippers, Suns, and Warriors, all likely-to-possible playoff teams.
 Advertisement


--DocBreak--
An Academy Award-winner for 2014's _The Theory of Everything_ , Eddie is on the ballot for the second time in two years for his turn as transgender pioneer Lili Elbe.


--DocBreak--
Batten down the hatches: NSW to get smashed by storms | Coffs Coast Advocate


--DocBreak--
Earlier this year in The News & Observer I noted that a sound, basic education for our little ones isn't possible through a computer screen in homes where there are adults who may not be able to read above the ninth grade level and no classroom teacher there to instruct and assess each child's progress. State leaders should think outside the box, I said. Online learning does not provide each child with a competent certified teacher in a classroom setting and thus fails the Leandro requirement.


--DocBreak--
SUBSCRIBE NOW


  As low as 99¢ for the first month


  SUBSCRIBE NOW


  As low as 99¢ for the first month


  News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Nation / World Obituaries E-Edition Legals


  Subscribe


  # Perinton neighborhood would not let COVID stop Santa celebration


  Rebecca Leclair


  Special to the Post


  For 17 years, families in a neighborhood on the southwestern edge of Perinton have flocked to a special street to hold a mid-December tradition. It was a party held on Santa Circle — a cul-de-sac aptly named for the jolly old elf himself.


  Residents of the Crescent Hill neighborhood would join together for a large, outdoor gathering. They would share cocoa and cookies, and wait with great anticipation for the arrival of Santa Claus.


  Not this year.


  By November, people knew COVID was going to shut down “Christmas on Santa Circle.”


  Even a huge holiday light display on nearby Santa Drive was not enough to make up for the loss of what normally occurred in the circle.


  Luckily, some industrious elves living in the neighborhood found a way to magically make the party happen. They did it by taking a page right out of “The Polar Express.”


  “We did not want to break tradition and disappoint our kiddos because of COVID, so we found a solution,” said the head honcho and lead elf, David Rose.


  The elves secured a mechanized train to transport a masked Santa around the neighborhood. The caboose was Santa’s sleigh and while sitting in it, Santa handed out gift bags hooked on the end of a decorated pole.


  “We figured out how to ensure social distancing, mask compliance, plus still have fun!” Rose said.


  Families waited at the end of their driveways to receive their gifts and greet the elves. Lots of children were seen waving to the conductor, who had an uncanny resemblance to Tom Hanks. Mrs. Claus made the trip from the North Pole, too. She was masked and gloved so she could hand out candy canes to all.


  “Even neighbors without children came out to greet Santa and his entourage, and to say hi to those living nearby,” said Barbara Rose, a former kindergarten teacher.


  It took Santa two hours to travel by his train-pulled sleigh. He made 19 stops at children’s homes to drop off gifts and pose for socially distanced photos.


  “We have always loved the event in Santa Circle, and to have Barbara and Dave find a way to have Santa and his elves come to the individual houses during a pandemic just shows how amazing this neighborhood is,” said Sarah Andolina, whose driveway was the second-to-last stop.


  Each family was asked to sing a song before Santa moved to the next house. For Marshall Zemans, the event reminded him of the movie “Elf” when people in Central Park all started singing to raise the Christmas spirit.


  “Buddy the Elf said it himself, ‘The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear,’” Zemans said.


  Neighbors have come to expect surprises from the Crescent Hill planning committee. In previous years, Santa has arrived on the back of an antique fire truck, accompanied by a mounted Monroe County Sheriff’s deputy, riding in a horse drawn wagon and he was even dug out of a snowbank.


  In 2019, due to heavy rain, Santa arrived by boat (pulled by a trailer) with a beach umbrella giving him protection. In this COVID year, the skies were threatening rain again, but that did not stop Santa from making his pre- Christmas visit and keeping the neighborhood tradition alive.


  “Truly, nothing could have dampened the joy and excitement in the neighborhood that night,” Barbara Rose said.


   _Rebecca Leclair is a freelance journalist and proud resident of the Crescent Hill neighborhood. She says buying a house near Santa Circle was one of the best things she ever did for her family._


  Careers Accessibility Site Map Legals Our Ethical Principles Terms of Service Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights / Privacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Info / Cookie Policy


  Contact Us Support Local Business Advertise Your Business Advertising Terms and Conditions Licensing & Reprints Help Center Subscriber Guide My Account Give Feedback


  Subscribe Today Newsletters Facebook Twitter E-Edition Archives


  Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds Pay Your Ad Bill Reviewed.com 10Best Reach Local


  © 2020 www.mpnnow.com. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
Traywick, who normally operates under pen name Swift Justice, founded an organization called Unheard Voices OTCJ and works with a group called the Free Alabama Movement to describe conditions behind bars. Calling from a wall phone inside Kilby prison, Traywick told The Associated Press that the lawsuit was a “long time coming.”


--DocBreak--
Batten down the hatches: NSW to get smashed by storms | Sunshine Coast Daily


--DocBreak--
“Those of us who do human rights work document hard and violent material on a daily basis. It is our job to be objective and gather facts. But some days, when we start receiving reports of bodies appearing at sea, bodies of children and adults more than likely fleeing now well-documented, horrific, human rights violations, we stop for a minute to be heart broken,” Tillotson added. _“_ It is the responsibility of all governments to implement laws and practices that protect people. Shame on them for failing to do so.”


--DocBreak--
UNC-TV's goal is to help bridge those Leandro deficiencies by advancing an at- home learning plan for North Carolina's children. Soon UNC-TV will distribute on-air and online lessons designed by North Carolina teachers for North Carolina children, including 192 N.C. teacher-generated literacy and math lessons for pre-k to 5th grade. Again, if children cannot read and write by the 3rd grade they are doomed for academic failure in the long run.

