Most Read in Business


--DocBreak--
The last lonely bags of lentils and dried beans sat waiting to be snatched at Coles and Woolworths in Pyrmont, close to Sydney's CBD. Baked beans were down to the last battered tins, as were kidney beans. Two-minute noodles were few and far between.


--DocBreak--
Pakistan Meteorological Department (PMD) has also predicted dust raising winds and drizzle under the influence of a fresh westerly wave in lower Sindh including Karachi on Thursday and Friday.  


--DocBreak--
Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], Mar 5 (ANI): Despite rising geopolitical tensions, slow growth forecasts and uncertainty remaining the norm in 2019, about 51 per cent of the ultra-wealthy Indians experienced an increase in their fortune.   According to Knight Frank's Wealth Report 2020, the number of ultra high net worth individuals (UHNWIs with net worth of more than 30 million dollars or about Rs 220 crore) in India is predicted to grow by a whopping 73 per cent in the next five years, almost doubling the count to 10,354 from 5,986 in 2019.   The growth in India's ultra wealthy is expected to be on the back of the growth prediction of the economy with GDP touted to reach the 7 per cent mark by 2022. Despite the current slowdown in the economy, global economic pundits see strong long-term economic growth.   Knight Frank also predicts that by 2024, Asia will be the world's second largest wealth hub outperforming Europe, with a five-year growth forecast of 44 per cent.   However, even after such a steep rise, it will reach only half the size of North America's UHNWI population, which is predicted to increase by 22 per cent over the same period.   "India's economic advantage is its large and growing consumer base, which helps in general wealth creation," said Shishir Baijal, Chairman and Managing Director of Knight Frank India.   As India enters the 30th year of its liberal economic and trade policy since 1991, the country has also become an important market for global products and services.   "It appeared at some point in time that India was skipping the 'manufacturing generation' of economic growth moving straight to services, we now see the country rising in favour as a manufacturing destination for global corporations," he said.   "As a result of a well-rounded growth in the future, private wealth is expected to rise in proportion to the economic growth," said Baijal.   Out of the top 20 fastest growing countries presented in the report, six are located in Asia \-- led by India (73 per cent growth), five are in Europe led by Sweden (47 per cent growth) and three are in Africa led by Egypt (66 per cent growth).   The wealth sizing model built by Knight Frank shows that within Asia itself, India is projected to lead the growth in UHNWIs followed by Vietnam (64 per cent growth), China (58 per cent growth) and Indonesia (57 per cent growth).   Liam Bailey, Global Head of research at Knight Frank said it is exciting to see how wealth is developing across Asia.   With the number of ultra-wealthy in India, Vietnam, China and Malaysia outpacing many other markets over the next five years, it will be interesting to see how this impacts the global property market.   "With property accounting for a large proportion of total UHNWI wealth -- almost a third, according to the Knight Frank Attitudes Survey -- it will be fascinating to see where in the world the wealthy invest and into which asset classes," said Bailey.   Knight Frank LLP is a leading independent global property consultancy. Headquartered in London, It has more than 19,000 people operating from over 512 offices across 60 markets.   (ANI)  


--DocBreak--
In his 16-year career, Montrose boys basketball coach Ryan Voehringer never had a more emotionally-charged season than this 2019-2020 year.
 The Indians’ off-season was marked by tragedy after standout Connor Imus drowned in May 2019 and later that year senior point guard Sean Alex’s mother passed away following a battle with cancer.
 “I’ve dealt with more this year from a tragedy-standpoint than anything else in my entire career,” Voehringer said. “... I’m proud of how these guys have dealt with adversity and battled all season long.”
 But it came to a close on Wednesday after Montrose (20-5) lost 43-32 over Lincoln at home in the Sweet 16 round of the state playoffs.
 Although the year had its ups and downs, these misfortunes brought the team together, according to senior forward Trey Schwerdtfeger, saying he’s never been closer with a group of teammates in his life.
 “It’s been rough for all of us,” he said. “But for us to come out and win 20 games this season, it’s huge. If someone told me that at the beginning of the season, I would have told them, ‘No way!’”
 Voehringer was proud of his players’ effort in Wednesday's loss.
 Montrose limited Lincoln High School and soon-to-be Washington State player Tijani Bamba, who averages over 24 points, to under 20. And the Indians held a Lancers team, which normally scores more than 60 a game, to 43.
 But Montrose’s offense suffered as it shot 36 percent from the floor (13-of-36). And no player scored in double-digits as Schwerdtfeger had a team- high eight while Trey Reese and Jordan Jennings both had six apiece.
 Voehringer credited Lincoln’s stifling defense but acknowledged the team missed some shots that it usually makes.
 “It was hard to get into our (offense) because they were pressuring us,” he said. “... But we couldn’t get the ball to go into the basket.”
 Lincoln never trailed after the first quarter, taking an 11-8 lead into the second period. The Lancers then went on to score nine-straight points to open the frame before the Indians countered with five before the end of the first half.
 But Lincoln still led 20-13 at the break.
 The Lancers’ added on their advantage in the proceeding quarters, leading as much as 14 points in the fourth period.
 Voehringer said he wasn’t going to let one game take away from an excellent year. The Indians won 20 games , went 7-1 in Southwestern League play and hosted two playoffs games.
 Voehringer also expressed his appreciation for the two seniors, Alex and Schwerdtfeger. The Montrose coach said each one put in quite the effort during their time with the Indians.
 “You’re sad that the season ended but we battled,” said Voehringer said. “We never backed down.”
 Montrose played in front of a nearly-packed house as Lloyd McMillan Memorial Gym was nearly full except for some empty seats behind Lincoln’s bench.
 Voehringer said with sights like that, it was one of the reasons why he wanted to come back to his alma mater six years ago and took over the boys basketball program.
 “The community support is great. They’ve supported us all year long,” he said.
 The Indians will look to continue off this season’s success as a core of the team will be back.
 Sophomore Luke Hutto and Reese and Jennings, a junior, will be three of the starting five returning next year. Additionally, sophomores Ashden Oberg and Fletcher Cheezum came off the bench and gave Montrose some good minutes.
 “We’ve got a lot of pieces coming back,” Voehringer said. “Obviously, we’ve got to replace our point guard in Sean and Schwerdtfeger had a great season. … I like the group we’ve got coming back.”
 But, for now, the coaches and players are going to reflect on one amazing, emotionally-exhausting season.
 “It was a rough ride and I’m going to miss it,” Schwerdtfeger said, getting choked up.


--DocBreak--
O evento será aberto a todas as mulheres que queiram participar. “Será um evento muito especial e esperamos todas as mulheres para serem homenageadas com muito carinho e toda a admiração que merecem, tenho certeza que todas irão se divertir”, disse o Prefeito Laurez Moreira.


--DocBreak--
Last year, the publication came under fire after a report that detailed the party's visit to Cape Town, including what was in some of its members' trash, which it claimed was left out in the streets.


--DocBreak--
Luego, Klopp aclaró su visión de lo que cree que es realmente importante en este caso. “Si yo te pregunto a ti, estás en el mismo rol que yo. Así que no es importante lo que digan las personas famosas. Hay que hablar de las cosas de la manera correcta y no las personas sin conocimiento, como yo, que hablan de algo que no saben”, agregó.


--DocBreak--
Coronavirus: un morto a Tortona. Chiusi ospedali di Tortona e Novi Lig...


--DocBreak--
It's up to all Wet'sewet'en people to work through agreement: Bellegarde


--DocBreak--
It will be the top two seeds battling for a Division 3 district title 7 p.m. Friday at Centreville as Centreville topped White Pigeon, 63-57, in the opening semifinal, while Schoolcraft downed Marcellus, 57-8, in the second game Wednesday night.
 Centreville 63, White Pigeon 57
 They split in the regular season and battle number three was worthy of two teams that came in with 16-plus victories as Centreville outlasted White Pigeon 63-57 to win and advance.
 "We told kids after the last time we played them and they got us, we just didn't play with a lot of heart that game and we had to put it on the line," Bulldog coach Jill Peterson said. "This is the time to do it. You prepare 19 weeks for this moment and we had the last run today, but White Pigeon played incredibly well. The had a great game and knocked down shots when they need to."
 Lady Chiefs coach Brooke McClure knew her team left it out on the court.
 "Centreville is (20-1) for a reason, but I'm proud of our girls," she said. "We worked really hard and fought a good fight, but just came up short at the end there."
 White Pigeon (16-5) was able to jump out to a quick 8-0 lead by playing aggressive and moving the ball.
 "I was proud of the girls for not playing afraid most of the time," McClure said. "And to just come out and score. We knew they were going to double and face guard Claycee (West). I was proud of my other girls for stepping up and trying to take charge."
 After Melissa Hayden scored to put the Chiefs ahead 8-0, Centreville got a 3-pointer from Olivia Deeds to break the scoring drought. But the Chiefs quickly answered with a triple by Lauren Dressler to rebuild the eight-point lead.
 "Coming into the game, Claycee the last two games had shot 50 percent against us and the rest of the team shot 18," Peterson said. "We knew we were going to take our chances and we knew it could hurt us, but we were still erring on the side of Claycee's a great player and we needed to shut her down and have other kids step up. But we had kids step up on our end too and I think that was the difference."
 A late three-point play by Joanna Larsen and a split at the line by Amy Carpenter help the Bulldogs close the deficit to 15-11 after one quarter.
 West got a putback basket to move the Chiefs ahead, 17-11, but Centreville fought back to tie the game at 19-19 on a steal and layup by Deeds.
 Moments later, Larsen connected on a pair from the charity stripe to put the Bulldogs ahead, but West answered with a 3-pointer to give White Pigeon a brief 22-21 lead with just over three minutes remaining in the second quarter.
 The Lady Bulldogs retook the lead with a 8-0 run to build a 29-22 advantage. The run was capped by another Deeds triple, who finished with six on the game.
 The Chiefs got treys from West and Rainie Atherton to close the halftime deficit to 31-28. They finished with nine total as a team with Atherton, West and Dressler each canning three.
 Another Bulldog 8-0 run to open the third quarter gave them their largest lead of the game, 39-28.
 However, White Pigeon rebounded with a 15-4 run to tie the game 43-43. A three-point play by Atherton with Reyna Fielis picking up the assist was the play that knotted the game.
 But Larsen scored off a feed from Kenleigh West-Wing and added another bucket inside to give Centreville a 47-43 lead heading into the final eight minutes.
 White Pigeon opened the fourth quarter with a Dressler triple, Fielis steal and score and Atherton trey to retake the lead, 51-47.
 Deeds answered with back-to-back 3-pointers with Grace Edwards and West-Wing picking up assists to retake the lead, 53-51.
 After the teams exchanged split at the line, the Bulldogs closed the game on the shoulders of their senior center Larsen. She scored her teams final nine points in the paint as the Chiefs limited size was unable to slow her down at the end.
 "She played really well," McClure said of Larsen. "She's a tough player, hard to stop. Doubled her, tripled her and you can only do so much. She just came out and played the post really tough."
 She finished with a career high in points.
 "I didn't even realize how many she had while we were going and I looked at the book and she finishes with 33, I imagine that's a career-high and Olivia with 22 is probably a career-high too," Peterson said. "I think we had some career-high assists, I haven't looked at everything. But Kenleigh did a great job distributing the ball, Grace did a good job distributing the ball. We played the defensive plan we were supposed to play, White Pigeon did what they were supposed to do and came really close to winning tonight."
 West-Wing added four points for the Bulldogs, Faith Edwards had two and Paige Walton and Carpenter each had a free throw.
 Atherton topped White Pigeon with 16 points, West finished with 15, Dressler tossed in 13, Melissa Hayden added seven and Fielis had six.
 "White Pigeon made a great transition from last year to this year and Brooke is doing a great job with them," Peterson said. "Claycee, you can tell she loves basketball and she's still putting time with that and now that she's going to Taylor, I'm really excited for her. A big fan of Taylor University and excited to cheer for her and not have to play against her."
 Larsen collected 15 boards for Centreville, Grace Edwards grabbed eight and Deeds had six. West-Wing finished with seven assists and three steals, while Grace Edwards added six assists.
 Hayden corralled nine rebounds for White Pigeon, West added five and Dressler collected four. West added four assists and Fielis ended with three.
 The Lady Chiefs may have surprised some with their success this season, but McClure knew her team was capable of the success they attained.
 "Actually I knew how good we were, how hard we worked this off-season and in our scrimmages and stuff," she said. "And how we could really play when we were at full strength. But at the beginning of the season, we had a few starters injured, so it was a little bit rocky and we didn't really flow until we got everybody strong and healthy again. I knew how good we could be, but it was really fun to see their hard work come to fruition and payoff with some wins finally."
 Schoolcraft 57, Marcellus 8
 Schoolcraft's defense aided a 23-0 start on the way to the Eagles 57-8 win over Marcellus in the second semifinal Wednesday night.
 "We knew defensively they were going to transition us and we were prepared for that," Wildcat coach Don Price said. "We tried to prepare for that kind of pressure and obviously we weren't up to the task. We knew that we had to knock down shots tonight to have a chance. They got off to a fast start, we struggled offensively to get anything going and it set the tone for the rest of the night."
 Western Michigan signee Gabi Saxman jump started her team getting three quick steals to give the Eagles a 7-0 lead. She scored 14 of her game-high 18 points in the opening stanza.
 "Their pressure obviously took us out of what we wanted to do, what we planned to do," Price said. "We were just trying to be aggressive and get to the basket. We got that a couple of times and weren't able to knock a couple layups down. When you're getting beat and don't make those shots, it's even more defeating when those buckets don't go in."
 Schoolcraft (19-2) led 23-2 after one quarter and 40-4 at halftime.
 Marcellus (8-12) despite its' shooting woes continued to battle in the second half and Price was pleased with his team's effort.
 "That's what we just talked about in there," he said. "We're proud of the second half, we said we just have to play for pride and really happy with us not quitting. We could have quit."
 Mackenzie Miller added 11 points for the Eagles, Anna Schuppel tallied seven, Savannah Seath notched six, Allie Walther finished with five, Adrienne Rosey and Alison Bailey each added four and Madison Ingle had two.
 JoLeigh Small scored four points for the Wildcats, Savannah Lowery added three and Emma Holmes had a free throw.


--DocBreak--
Read the instructions on the back of your disinfectant (or disinfectant wipes) and you’ll usually see that you might not have used enough product in the past.


--DocBreak--
The Grand Princess belongs to Princess Cruises, the same company which operated the coronavirus-stricken ship held off Japan last month on which more than 700 people on board tested positive (AFP Photo/STRINGER)


--DocBreak--
Argentine President Alberto Fernandez has recently warned Lacalle Pou to "think twice" before making the country what he suggested would be a tax dodger's paradise.


--DocBreak--
Dancing On Ice's Joe Swash rushed for emergency operation after horror ear injury


--DocBreak--
Many court cases have looked at whether particular processes to consult Indigenous communities have been proper. Killoran said the courts have not reached consistent conclusions.
 The process generally begins with the company seeking to build something, but courts have made clear that the government, not the third party, needs to fulfil the duty to consult.
 The Trans Mountain expansion project will build a second, bigger oil pipeline roughly parallel to an existing one between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C.
 In Trans Mountain's case, its previous builder Kinder Morgan Canada recorded 24,000 engagements with Indigenous communities in 2012 and 2013, before it officially applied to the National Energy Board to proceed with the expansion. The National Energy Board then undertook its hearing process, engaging with 131 Indigenous communities and organizations. Some of the conditions the NEB placed on the pipeline responded to Indigenous concerns.
 Then in early 2016, a few months after the Liberals came to power, the government announced it was extending the consultation with Indigenous communities several months to make sure things were done properly. It would ultimately base its consultation on what the Federal Court of Appeal said the government did wrong when it approved a different pipeline, the Northern Gateway pipeline. The courts killed that project in June 2016.
 When the federal cabinet approved the Trans Mountain project for the first time in November 2016, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his government had done what was necessary. The government was so confident that in the spring of 2018 it bought the existing pipeline when Kinder Morgan Canada decided to walk away from it amid political turmoil.
 But that confidence was misplaced: the Federal Court of Appeal said in August 2018 that the government sent in "note-takers" to hear Indigenous concerns without any real plan to do anything about them.
 The government then set out to do another round of consultations, hiring former Supreme Court justice Frank Iacobucci to oversee them in an attempt, once and for all, to get it right.
 The communities that objected the first time still felt they hadn't been listened to, and that the government's process was a rubber-stamping exercise to appease the court. Last month, the Federal Court of Appeal disagreed, ruling the government had fulfilled its obligation.
 The decision also said that while not all the concerns raised by the communities had been accommodated, requiring that would give the communities a "de facto veto" over the project and the law doesn't require that.
 Killoran said the industry sees that decision as clear and hopeful. Callison said without consent, there will be more conflict.
 "You need to have support from Indigenous people," she said. "If you're going to push ahead and rely on a consultative process or a consultative checklist that doesn't result in Indigenous people's consent it doesn't really matter what that process looks like."
 This report by The Canadian Press was first published March 5, 2020.


--DocBreak--
For the most part, anything that calls itself a disinfectant will do the trick to kill the bacteria. Yep, that means even your trusty Zoflora or Dettol.


--DocBreak--
Ignorance can be bliss, and if one doesn’t understand business and commerce and the key elements to its success, then stand by and watch in horror the continued demise of our city’s heart and soul.


--DocBreak--
VANCOUVER - Assembly of First Nations National Chief Perry Bellegarde says it's up to all Wet'sewet'en people to work through the draft agreement struck on Sunday between their hereditary chiefs and senior Canadian officials.
 The agreement is the result of four days of negotiations, held in response to the hereditary chiefs' opposition to the construction of the Coastal GasLink pipeline in northern British Columbia that sparked solidarity protests and blockades across the country.
 A joint statement by representatives of Wet'suwet'en Nation, the province and the federal government acknowledged they had not come to an agreement on the pipeline, and the company was expected to resume its work this week.


--DocBreak--
Some aisles looked to have been "faced up". This is an old supermarket sleight of hand that gives the impression of a shelf plump with stock. But, if you looked closer, that row of shampoo was only a bottle or two deep.


--DocBreak--
7 Company Profiles and Key Figures in Active Implantable Devices Business   7.1 LivaNova PLC (U.K.)   7.1.1 LivaNova PLC (U.K.) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.1.2 LivaNova PLC (U.K.) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.1.3 LivaNova PLC (U.K.) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.1.4 LivaNova PLC (U.K.) Main Business and Markets Served   7.2 MED-EL (Austria)   7.2.1 MED-EL (Austria) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.2.2 MED-EL (Austria) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.2.3 MED-EL (Austria) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.2.4 MED-EL (Austria) Main Business and Markets Served   7.3 Medtronic (Ireland)   7.3.1 Medtronic (Ireland) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.3.2 Medtronic (Ireland) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.3.3 Medtronic (Ireland) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.3.4 Medtronic (Ireland) Main Business and Markets Served   7.4 Abbott Laboratories (U.S.)   7.4.1 Abbott Laboratories (U.S.) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.4.2 Abbott Laboratories (U.S.) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.4.3 Abbott Laboratories (U.S.) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.4.4 Abbott Laboratories (U.S.) Main Business and Markets Served   7.5 BIOTRONIK (Germany)   7.5.1 BIOTRONIK (Germany) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.5.2 BIOTRONIK (Germany) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.5.3 BIOTRONIK (Germany) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.5.4 BIOTRONIK (Germany) Main Business and Markets Served   7.6 Boston Scientific Corporation (U.S.)   7.6.1 Boston Scientific Corporation (U.S.) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.6.2 Boston Scientific Corporation (U.S.) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.6.3 Boston Scientific Corporation (U.S.) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.6.4 Boston Scientific Corporation (U.S.) Main Business and Markets Served   7.7 Cochlear Limited (Australia)   7.7.1 Cochlear Limited (Australia) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.7.2 Cochlear Limited (Australia) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.7.3 Cochlear Limited (Australia) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.7.4 Cochlear Limited (Australia) Main Business and Markets Served   7.8 Nurotron Biotechnology (China)   7.8.1 Nurotron Biotechnology (China) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.8.2 Nurotron Biotechnology (China) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.8.3 Nurotron Biotechnology (China) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.8.4 Nurotron Biotechnology (China) Main Business and Markets Served   7.9 Sonova Holding Switzerland)   7.9.1 Sonova Holding Switzerland) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.9.2 Sonova Holding Switzerland) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.9.3 Sonova Holding Switzerland) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.9.4 Sonova Holding Switzerland) Main Business and Markets Served   7.10 William Demant Holding (Denmark)   7.10.1 William Demant Holding (Denmark) Active Implantable Devices Production Sites and Area Served   7.10.2 William Demant Holding (Denmark) Active Implantable Devices Product Introduction, Application and Specification   7.10.3 William Demant Holding (Denmark) Active Implantable Devices Production Capacity, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015-2020)   7.10.4 William Demant Holding (Denmark) Main Business and Markets Served


--DocBreak--
The ship belongs to Princess Cruises, the same company which operated the coronavirus-stricken ship held off Japan last month on which more than 700 people on board tested positive.


--DocBreak--
The report has talked about the competitive landscape, wherein the analysts have scrutinized the market tactics adopted by the companies to stay ahead of the curve. Overall, this research report serves as a repository of information for the Laser Soldering Robot industry participants to plan their activities ahead in an appropriate manner.


--DocBreak--
QY Research established as a research firm in 2007 and has since grown into a trusted brand amongst many industries. Over the years, we have consistently worked toward delivering high-quality customized solutions for a wide range of clients ranging from ICT to healthcare industries. With over 50,000 satisfied clients, spread over 80 countries, we have sincerely strived to deliver the best analytics through exhaustive research methodologies.


--DocBreak--
An off-beat sense of humour, not taking it all too seriously, along with big doses of flexibility/adaptability whatever the situation is the best way to go.


--DocBreak--
Portal, a former rider who turned into a team official and helped guide four- time Tour champion Froome and Bernal to victory at the race, died suddenly at his home in Andorra on Tuesday.

