Caucuses take place so participants can elect delegates that go on to each party’s next assemblies (county, then state) where candidates will be selected for the ballot and party platforms will be decided.
 This year, state Republicans have a less complicated process before them in that Sen. Cory Gardner is the sole candidate for his seat, but GOP caucus- goers will choose delegates for either incumbent U.S. Rep. Scott Tipton or challenger Lauren Boebert of Rifle.
 Democrats, on the other hand, have a long list of Senate hopefuls seeking to unseat Gardner, including former governor and Mayor of Denver John Hickenlooper and nine others.
 Dan Chancellor is the San Miguel County Democratic party chair. He stressed the importance of attending caucus in one’s respective precinct, allowing that the process is “confusing, at best,” especially as it occurs on the heels of the primaries.
 “There are many in the Democratic Party who had hoped that we had gotten rid of the caucuses when we voted for a primary in the last election,” Chancellor explained. “It seems like the caucus system disenfranchises many voters who are not available for the two or three hours that the caucus lasts. To make themselves available, they may have to take off of work or find child care. This delegate system acts like a filter to a true one-person, one-vote democracy. Many people are intimidated by having to publicly stand for an unpopular candidate and shy away from caucuses for that reason. I much prefer the secret, early, mail-in ballot primary that we have for the presidential candidate.”


--DocBreak--
JACKSON, Miss. (WLBT) -Mississippi’s primary election day is less than a week away. Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders are on the hunt for delegates. Sanders has cancelled his plans for a Friday visit to Jackson just more than 24 hours out.There is a historical point of reference if you look at Mississippi’s 2016 primary results. Hillary Clinton took 82.6 percent while Bernie Sanders received 16.5 percent.“He may actually look at that and see it as a predictor of what might be to come," said Jackson State political science professor Dr. D’Andra Orey.Orey says there’s another reason he believes this year’s results may mirror the last cycle’s.“Clinton was very attached to Bill Clinton who was very popular in the African American community," noted Orey. "And then you have Barack Obama and Biden is very closely aligned with Barack Obama. And so if you use those I guess proxies, quite naturally African Americans being highly supportive of Barack Obama will align more so with Joe Biden.”Joe Biden’s plans to visit the capital city are still in play. New Hope Baptist Church in Jackson tells us Biden will be in attendance at their Sunday morning service. And the campaign says Vivica A. Fox will campaign with Biden at an event later that afternoon.“Momentum is a powerful factor in politics and the perception is now that he is on a roll,” said Dr. Glenn J. Antizzo, associate professor of political science at Mississippi College.Because Mississippi Democrats don’t use a winner takes all system for delegates, there could still be delegates in play for Sanders. And if it’s a tight race...all will be significant.“It seemed at first like Bernie Sanders was unstoppable but there has been a tectonic shift in the electoral plates here and it looks like Biden is coming out with guns blazing,” added Antizzo.The latest Mason- Dixon polls show Republican Donald Trump winning out in a Mississippi match-up with either Biden or Sanders. But the contest narrows slightly more in a Trump vs. Biden race.Copyright 2020 WLBT. All rights reserved.


--DocBreak--
Former county commissioner Joan May, a Democrat, works as a consultant and remains active in local politics. She too attests to the “complicated” Colorado caucus process that she said discourages citizens from voting. But there are positive aspects to attending a caucus.
 “On the plus side, caucuses can be helpful when they give neighborhoods a chance to hear about candidates and issues from each other,” May said. “But the process is indeed archaic, and is no longer relevant in my opinion, for many reasons.”
 Among the reasons May cited for ridding caucuses from the election process were that every registered voter should be able to vote in the primaries, only caucus attendees having a say “doesn’t make sense,” speaking up at a caucus can be intimidating and political information has numerous other channels that render caucuses unnecessary. But mostly, May said, it’s “too complicated.”
 “We vote in a presidential primary, and then we have a caucus for senatorial candidates at the caucus, but candidates can also get on the ballot by petition, and congressional candidates have to get their party nomination in a separate process, and we have a county assembly later in March and primary in June. Nuts!” she said. “After the fiascos in both parties during the 2016 primaries, Colorado voters wisely voted to do away with presidential caucuses. We moved our primary to Super Tuesday so that we could participate before all the decisions were made, but we didn’t do away with senatorial caucuses, and I think we should.”
 Chancellor said that despite the archaic nature of the caucus process, it’s “the system that we have” and one that allows for more intimate networking.


--DocBreak--
A couple of months removed from the 42-25 loss to LSU in the College Football Playoff national championship game on Jan. 13, Clemson offensive coordinator Tony Elliott looks back on it and admits he (…)

