But keeping up with the Super Bowl champion Kansas City Chiefs in the AFC West means defending Patrick Mahomes and Co., and the only way to deal with a transcendent player is to have one of their own on the other side of the ball. The only one of those the Raiders have had in recent years was Mack, whose contract demands the club considered out of line.


--DocBreak--
Vintage advertising signs, figures, toys, printed textiles, food tins and labeled bottles are all selling at higher and higher prices. Large signs with pictures of flags, Lady Liberty, figural packages, tins, toys and almost anything with a famous company logo that is in great condition is selling over estimate at auctions. Online bidding has made it possible to offer advertising pieces to an international market with many bidders. This tin black and white sign in a wooden frame was used to advertise a man who repaired phonographs and sewing machines in the early 1900s. The eye-catching, 30-by-21-inch sign auctioned for $1,080 in Massachusetts at Eldred’s Auctioneers.
 Q I’ve noticed on a number of the pieces of china I have that in addition to the company hallmark, there is a short group of handwritten numbers or letters as well. Do you know why they are there and what they signify?
 A Numbers or letters can give you a lot more information about the piece if you know the codes. They are used to indicate the shape or mold number, the type of clay or glaze used, the design number, catalog or product number, and size. Most are company product codes not explained to the public. Other marks to look for are letters that indicate the artist. Not all companies use these marks, and those that do have their own system. If you know the maker of the pottery, you may be able to find information on what the other marks mean by searching online.


--DocBreak--
Advertising
 “This survey is ESSENTIAL to our team’s 2020 campaign strategy. We need Patriotic Americans like YOU to respond to this census, so we can develop a winning strategy for YOUR STATE,” some of the ads read.
 The questions on the survey include asking users about their views of President Trump as well as their age, name and contact information.
 The survey asked people if they “think Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left are putting their personal anti-Trump agenda ahead of what’s best for the American people.”
 Facebook said that there are “policies in place to prevent confusion around the official U.S. census and this is an example of those being enforced.”
 The social media giant has often been criticised by the Democrats for not fact-checking ads run by politicians especially by the Republicans.
 House Speaker Pelosi also slammed Facebook for allowing the Trump campaign to run the ads, calling the advertisement “an absolute lie.”
 The U.S. census has political implications as it is used to determine the number of seats each state holds in the House of Representatives.
 Facebook has come under fire for not taking down political ads with fake information but it said it would take stringent actions on misinformation about the 2020 U.S. census.
 “We have to be more vigilant about protecting against census interference across posts and ads on Facebook and Instagram and help promote an accurate count of every person in the country,” said Kevin Martin, Vice President of the U.S. Public Policy and Samidh Chakrabarti, Director of Product Management, Civic Engagement.
 The social networking giant introduced a new advertising policy last December that prohibits ads that portray census participation as useless or meaningless or advise people not to participate in the census.


--DocBreak--
PSG clash with Borussia Dortmund in Champions League could be played behind closed doors due to coronavirus outbreak – The Irish Sun

