UTICA -- Wash your hands. Don't put your hands in your mouth.
   
 Remarking how these are common directives for children during flu season, U.S. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand said everyone should take care as the novel coronavirus continues to spread.
   
 "As a mom, I worry about my children everyday as every other parent in New York does," said Gillibrand, D-N.Y. "But we should apply common sense."
   
 Gillibrand spoke on the situation during a visit Friday to the Central New York Labor Council office in Utica to announce new federal legislation, the End Outsourcing Act.
   
 The senator said federal and state officials are focused on getting more people tested for COVID-19. In New York, the Wadsworth Lab in Albany is administering tests, though Gillibrand said the facility is capable of only testing about 100 people per day.
   
 Gillibrand said she and other officials are working with centers to develop localized tests with the goal of getting up to several thousands of tests per day.
   
 "What we're trying to to is get more testing because the best way to make people feel comfortable and feel at ease is to know they can be tested if they get sick so they don't spread it," Gillibrand said. "Most people are less worried about themselves -- because for most people, it's just a bad cold -- but they don't want to spread it to those people who are vulnerable. So the key is getting testing."
   
 Gillibrand commended efforts by federal officials to commit $8.3 billion in the fight against coronavirus. Part of the spending package will reimburse states and counties for money spent toward preparation and mitigation. President Donald Trump approved the spending package Friday.
   
 "I think it's important that states get the money and that these testing centers can get more resources to hire more workers to do more tests."
   
 In other news
   
 Gillibrand said she plans to endorse a Democratic candidate for president closer to the date of New York's primary Tuesday, April 28.
   
 The senator was once among a field of candidates seeking the Democratic nomination. That has since turned into a two-horse race between former Vice President Joe Biden and U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders.
   
 The race has evolved in recent days -- most recently with U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren's decision to drop out. Gillibrand commended Warren's efforts, saying she ran a great race.
   
 "I'm very proud of what she accomplished, and yes, I'm deeply disappointed that we don't have any women left in the race. I really was hoping 2020 would be the year for a woman nominee and a woman president," she said. "But, our work is not done."
   
 Editor's note: This content is being provided for free as a public service to our readers during the coronavirus outbreak. Please support local journalism by subscribing to uticaod.com.
   
 Contact News Editor Greg Mason at 315-792-5038 or follow him on Twitter (@OD_Mason).


--DocBreak--
Faux outrage directed at @SenSchumer for literally quoting Brett Kavanaugh falls flat when these same people who are so appalled fail to register any concern for a President who routinely threatens people from the largest platform in the world. Spare us the crocodile tears.


--DocBreak--
Capricorn: If you have managed to remain calm and kept your temper under control, even when it was clear that others were trying to pull the wool over your eyes, you may be unable to resist the temptation to blow your top over the next few days. You might end up having to apologise, though!


--DocBreak--
Leo: Although you've caught the travel bug and may be obsessed by the belief that farthest pastures are greenest, you'll be in a relatively serious phase. Some sort of pilgrimage would capture the mood of the times. Perhaps a trip to your personal past could do the trick.


--DocBreak--
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has said his side’ is working’ together to make sure two defeats on the bounce doesn’t become three for the Premier League leaders.


--DocBreak--
Pisces: You may as well allow others to lay down the law, mainly because even if you object, they'll take no notice. This is one of those times to give that famous Piscean shrug and let the world go on in its own sweet way. Actually, you're not as laid-back as you seem, but that's your secret!


--DocBreak--
NOMINATIONS for the upcoming council election have officially closed with 10 new faces on the ballot and five returning councillors throwing their hats in the ring.
 While the majority of the region will be required to take to the polls on March 28, residents in Division 6 should be aware that they can take the day off as Mike Brunker landed the seat unopposed.
 Andrew Willcox also secured his position as mayor for the next four years, meaning voters registered to Division 6 will not be required to vote at all.
 Residents in other divisions will also not be required to cast a vote to select a mayor.
 However, the divisions have changed slightly since the last election so voters should be aware of what division they are in come election day.
 For Division 6, we have pulled apart the boundaries so you don’t get a rude shock when you turn up for a democracy sausage to find you could have spent the day at home.
 Division 6 includes all of Bowen CBD and extends from Quay St back to Station St and over to Boundary Rd, cutting across Don St past the town entrance park.
 The cut off then extends from the intersection at Boundary Rd, Richmond Rd and Mount Nutt Rd along Richmond Rd, past the cemetery and towards Mullers Lagoon.
 It continues from the roundabout on Richmond Rd to Argyle Park Rd up to the roundabout near McKenzie St and Golf Links Rd and back along Tollington Rd towards Cunningham Park.
 The boundary also includes the area from Norris St along Queens Beach and to Horseshoe Bay.
 For an interactive map of all the new divisions click here.
 0


--DocBreak--
There are many things you can do in six weeks, though building a house from scratch...


--DocBreak--
Taurus: You're liable to bite off more than you can chew right now. Jupiter, the planet of growth, has a habit of exaggerating your claims and inflating your expectations. It can also encourage you to double-book yourself, which may not please partners. Get organised!


--DocBreak--
Police looking for Good Samaritan who tackled suspect | Central Telegraph


--DocBreak--
Were they spending their time in one of the many palaces at their family's disposal and not at a $16,000 a night hotel just down the road, it might almost have been possible. Instead, the stench of dying goodwill between the families Cambridge and Sussex now permeates every space they fill.

